[0/1] Planning build
[1/1] Compiling plugin BuildIdentity
[2/2] Compiling plugin DesignTokens
Building for debugging...
[2/13] Write sources
[3/13] Write swift-version--58304C5D6DBC2206.txt
[5/15] Emitting module ProctorCore
[6/15] Compiling ProctorCore BuildIdentityGenerated.swift
[7/16] Compiling ProctorCore BuildInfo.swift
[7/19] Write Objects.LinkFileList
[9/22] Linking proctor-cli
[10/22] Linking proctor-shim
[11/22] Applying proctor-cli
[11/22] Applying proctor-shim
[14/22] Emitting module ProctorUI
[14/22] Write Objects.LinkFileList
[16/22] Emitting module ProctorAgent
[16/23] Write Objects.LinkFileList
[17/23] Linking Proctor
[18/23] Applying Proctor
[19/23] Linking proctor-agent
[20/23] Applying proctor-agent
[22/24] Emitting module ProctorAgentTests
[23/25] Emitting module ProctorCoreTests
[23/25] Write Objects.LinkFileList
[24/25] Linking proctor-mcpPackageTests
Build complete! (10.25s)
Test Suite 'All tests' started at 2026-08-22 21:51:41.571.
Test Suite 'All tests' passed at 2026-08-22 21:51:41.572.
	 Executed 0 tests, with 0 failures (0 unexpected) in 0.000 (0.001) seconds
􀟈  Test run started.
􀄵  Testing Library Version: 1902
􀄵  Target Platform: arm64e-apple-macos14.0
􀟈  Suite "Installed web app wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Audit trail isolation" started.
􀟈  Suite "Filesystem jail" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar character" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Capture content instrument" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · doctor names the providers and starts none of them" started.
􀟈  Suite "Reading a verdict out of a reply" started.
􀟈  Suite "Foreground disclosure wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "One search order, in one language" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0094 · which macOS a guest is running" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0061 · a takeover batch on a configured host is refused" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD character assets" started.
􀟈  Suite "Against this actual machine" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated calls are gated and recorded" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · prlctl adapter" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision under delegation, what a person sees" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0057 · what a delegated machine cannot be asked" started.
􀟈  Suite "Signature verdict cache" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 effective environment holder" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0063 · a capture is sized by what it is for" started.
􀟈  Suite "iOS lane wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Policy store seam" started.
􀟈  Suite "Shipped binary names" started.
􀟈  Suite "Audit chain" started.
􀟈  Suite "Background routes and their reporting" started.
􀟈  Suite "External effect witnesses: the ten a capped gate hid" started.
􀟈  Suite "Pointer plane wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0059 · lifecycle against an injected adapter" started.
􀟈  Suite "Browser routing baseline" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD foreground disclosure" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · tart adapter" started.
􀟈  Suite "TUI history pane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Surface fidelity" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0059 · the guest tool surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Second browser lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Effect witnesses: subprocess, filesystem-write, ipc" started.
􀟈  Suite "Overlay off-switches" started.
􀟈  Suite "Stop reachability wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 report compatibility" started.
􀟈  Suite "Front-end attribution" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · attaching to a guest" started.
􀟈  Suite "Screen Recording probe" started.
􀟈  Suite "Proctor's own identity" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · every advertised guest action reaches the session" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD motion" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · guest lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated pointer ownership" started.
􀟈  Suite "Toolchain doctor" started.
􀟈  Suite "External effect witnesses: the Reflector's own socket" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue bar attribution" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD state" started.
􀟈  Suite "Pointer overlay" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest funnel in the dispatcher" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated plane coupling" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run history wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue fairness" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0056 · a run names its machine" started.
􀟈  Suite "Step descriptions" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD gate in the model" started.
􀟈  Suite "Zoom region crop" started.
􀟈  Suite "Audit chain wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Attributed holds" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD character" started.
􀟈  Suite "Capture sizing holds its ceiling" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro live lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run queue control vocabulary" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated call deadline" started.
􀟈  Suite "Horizontal placement" started.
􀟈  Suite "Peer reclaim" started.
􀟈  Suite "Installed web apps and the flag set" started.
􀟈  Suite "Mutation survivors, ProctorAgent" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0059 · guest handles" started.
􀟈  Suite "Stability disclosure shapes" started.
􀟈  Suite "Browser routing" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run control" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0055 · a session is isolated from the machine unless it asks" started.
􀟈  Suite "Activate queueing" started.
􀟈  Suite "Yield wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Stability per-step artifacts" started.
􀟈  Suite "Drawing fault barrier" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Walkthrough flow" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD placement" started.
􀟈  Suite "Tool annotations" started.
􀟈  Suite "A health check starts no process" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0098 · the suite writes nothing of the operator's" started.
􀟈  Suite "Replay gate wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Input block" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 switch catalogue" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run history" started.
􀟈  Suite "History window copy" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue bar model" started.
􀟈  Suite "Obscura presence" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar icon" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest pool, wired" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD halt wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Surface literals" started.
􀟈  Suite "Approval token TTL" started.
􀟈  Suite "Grant probe keeper" started.
􀟈  Suite "Audit rotation" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro seam" started.
􀟈  Suite "Status surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Scroll and value rules" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD feed" started.
􀟈  Suite "Live surfaces stay off outside the agent" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · prlctl listings" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar switch wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "The health report's permissions list, and the grant it freezes" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · platform and power" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0061 · placing a takeover batch" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · a relayed reply names the machine that ran it" started.
􀟈  Suite "Second lane wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0098 · a restart ends when the agent comes back" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 effective environment" started.
􀟈  Suite "Stability knows when it is scoring a page" started.
􀟈  Suite "Agent verbs wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Actuation seam" started.
􀟈  Suite "Takeover wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Region dirty area" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision under delegation" started.
􀟈  Suite "TUI readiness — the permissions pane holds only permissions" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision under delegation, the driver's side" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro flow lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Process control" started.
􀟈  Suite "TUI render fidelity" started.
􀟈  Suite "The doctor reply a caller receives" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar sprite assets" started.
􀟈  Suite "Lane recommendation audit" started.
􀟈  Suite "Frame content gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "Policy file mode" started.
􀟈  Suite "Element matching across the backend boundary" started.
􀟈  Suite "Takeover policy" started.
􀟈  Suite "Toolchain rows" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision wiring" started.
􀟈  Suite "Reflector absence is reported, never approximated" started.
􀟈  Suite "What a halted caller is told" started.
􀟈  Suite "Build identity" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD control vocabulary" started.
􀟈  Suite "TUI capture fidelity" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision under delegation, wired" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar readiness from a doctor report" started.
􀟈  Suite "Cua actuation lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0051 — the lane is fixed, stated, and guarded" started.
􀟈  Suite "Acceptance E2E: Complete campaign user journeys" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 precedence" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 report states" started.
􀟈  Suite "Pointer plane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Horizontal alignment assertion" started.
􀟈  Suite "Image encoding" started.
􀟈  Suite "Campaign instruments" started.
􀟈  Suite "The block's Stop route" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · lume adapter" started.
􀟈  Suite "Tool locator" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro flow gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0060 · reaching a guest" started.
􀟈  Suite "Browser handoff when Obscura is missing" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 yield switches cannot drift" started.
􀟈  Suite "Supervision surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Command surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Lanes" started.
􀟈  Suite "A driver's own words never reach the report" started.
􀟈  Suite "A settle names the signals it actually had" started.
􀟈  Suite "Frame codec" started.
􀟈  Suite "Entitlement to draw on this Mac" started.
􀟈  Suite "Activate lanes" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu key-equivalents" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar readiness — unconfirmed grants" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD wording extensions" started.
􀟈  Suite "The walkthrough's Settings button says what the status window's says" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue refusals" started.
􀟈  Suite "Output schemas" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD mouse gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "Every grant the window can draw has an identifier" started.
􀟈  Suite "Consent surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar fallback glyph" started.
􀟈  Suite "CLI surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "TUI model equality" started.
􀟈  Suite "Every control on the status window can be told from its neighbours" started.
􀟈  Suite "CLI arguments" started.
􀟈  Suite "History retention" started.
􀟈  Suite "Foreground demand" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 catalogue cannot drift from the code" started.
􀟈  Suite "Tool catalogue" started.
􀟈  Suite "Build stamp" started.
􀟈  Suite "A guest's state word decides whether it is running" started.
􀟈  Suite "A delegated machine refuses what it cannot see" started.
􀟈  Suite "Policy gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated actuation wire" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest pool" started.
􀟈  Suite "Window presentation" started.
􀟈  Suite "Redacting audit" started.
􀟈  Suite "Simctl listings that are not listings" started.
􀟈  Suite "Foreground report" started.
􀟈  Suite "Audit encryption at rest" started.
􀟈  Suite "Delegated plane disclosures" started.
􀟈  Suite "Agent verb boundary" started.
􀟈  Suite "Replay gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "Drag path interpolation" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 pairing warnings" started.
􀟈  Suite "Scripting dictionary" started.
􀟈  Suite "Tool profiles" started.
􀟈  Suite "Design tokens" started.
􀟈  Suite "Contention — is a person using this Mac" started.
􀟈  Suite "Session identity" started.
􀟈  Suite "Cua version gate" started.
􀟈  Suite "Set of marks" started.
􀟈  Suite "A disagreement between observers is a disagreement" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar phase" started.
􀟈  Suite "Status checks" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0058 · lume listings" started.
􀟈  Suite "Browser handoff" started.
􀟈  Suite "Peer liveness" started.
􀟈  Suite "History surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0094 · one Tahoe note, bound to its measurement" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 settings store" started.
􀟈  Suite "Status surface — the policy card" started.
􀟈  Suite "A frame is evidence only if it is both complete and real" started.
􀟈  Suite "Browser catalogue" started.
􀟈  Suite "Policy posture" started.
􀟈  Suite "Versions that cost nothing" started.
􀟈  Suite "An indeterminate outcome and the fields behind it" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu recovery offers" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run lanes" started.
􀟈  Suite "Pointer plane over a covered target" started.
􀟈  Suite "Resource catalogue" started.
􀟈  Suite "Foreground notice wording" started.
􀟈  Suite "Run HUD chip equality" started.
􀟈  Suite "Overlay capture switch" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0029 parse table" started.
􀟈  Suite "CUA schema façade" started.
􀟈  Suite "Step descriptions, split for history" started.
􀟈  Suite "Relaunch command" started.
􀟈  Suite "Canonical hashing" started.
􀟈  Suite "The simulator lane names simctl" started.
􀟈  Suite "Status window tripwires" started.
􀟈  Suite "Queue health report" started.
􀟈  Suite "Vision-capture normalisation" started.
􀟈  Suite "Resource bundles are found where they actually ship" started.
􀟈  Suite "Takeover dwell" started.
􀟈  Suite "Determinism arithmetic" started.
􀟈  Suite "Error remedies" started.
􀟈  Suite "Web content containment" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0051 — a run record names its actuation lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0076 · the attachment" started.
􀟈  Suite "The command count, pinned" started.
􀟈  Suite "Menu bar readiness" started.
􀟈  Test "a test process resolves the audit trail away from the operator's own" started.
􀟈  Test "an installed web app carries its surface, its flags and no lane end to end" started.
􀟈  Suite "Takeover surface" started.
􀟈  Suite "PRO-0048 · iOS deep-link lane" started.
􀟈  Suite "Hold attribution" started.
􀟈  Test "with the variable unset the wire never carries the name, web app included" started.
􀟈  Test "reduced motion leaves exactly one frame everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test "a still sequence asks for no timer at all" started.
􀟈  Test "the drawn pointer assigns sharingType everywhere it assigns level" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary browser window still names its lane and carries that lane's flags" started.
􀟈  Test "the frame index walks the sequence and wraps" started.
􀟈  Test "FS_ROOTS is parsed as a colon-separated list, dropping empty entries" started.
􀟈  Test "every menu bar state rests on the same picture the panel rests on" started.
􀟈  Test "one lit pixel in three megapixels is not an empty frame" started.
􀟈  Test "the capture verdict conjoins the content gate" started.
􀟈  Test "a path inside a declared root is admitted and resolved" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame the instrument cannot read is not measured, rather than empty" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a lane the reply never mentions reads as absent, not as not-ready-for-a-reason" started.
􀟈  Test "every overlay takes its capture exclusion from the switch, which is off by default" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a named lane that is ready exits 0 even when another lane is not" started.
􀟈  Test "if prlctl is on this machine, detection finds it without running it" started.
􀟈  Test "idle is still in the menu bar even though it bobs in the panel" started.
􀟈  Test "Hold stops the next start and leaves the run in flight alone" started.
􀟈  Test "a single-frame sequence is always frame zero" started.
􀟈  Test "a ".." traversal is refused before resolution, with a reason naming it" started.
􀟈  Test "a fully transparent frame measures as fully transparent, and the instrument could say otherwise" started.
􀟈  Test "a session with prlctl present reports the guest lane ready" started.
􀟈  Test "a symlink inside a root that points outside it is refused, because resolution follows it" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfigured jail admits any path, so installing it changes nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame in a layout this cannot read claims nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a clock set backwards shows the first frame rather than a negative one" started.
􀟈  Test "a call still waiting when the ceiling fires is told the machine was busy" started.
􀟈  Test "a release re-examines the whole list, not only the lane that freed" started.
􀟈  Test "the health report answers how many runs are active and waiting, per lane" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that never ran is not counted as having taken the machine" started.
􀟈  Test "a run holds its lane across every await inside the step loop" started.
􀟈  Test "a sibling sharing a root's name prefix is outside it and refused" started.
􀟈  Test "a clean reply exits 0, and an empty one is not read as a failure" started.
􀟈  Test "only travelling and acting move in the menu bar" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that contends with nobody starts at once even with a line ahead of it" started.
􀟈  Test "a session may keep three runs waiting; the fourth is refused at once" started.
􀟈  Test "the permission gate is read again once the lane is ours" started.
􀟈  Test "two sessions driving different apps run at the same time" started.
􀟈  Test "a skipped assertion is an unanswered question, not a satisfied one" started.
􀟈  Test "a wait that timed out exits 1 — measured, it used to exit 0" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that stopped part way exits 1" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame with real content measures as content" started.
􀟈  Test "bash 3.2 can read it: parallel arrays, no associative ones" started.
􀟈  Test "the fragment carries the directories and tools, and not simctl" started.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar can answer whether a run is taking the machine, with the panel off" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane whose holder simply went away is reclaimed" started.
􀟈  Test "two sessions driving the same app take turns, and both finish" started.
􀟈  Test "a whole batch queues, never a step" started.
􀟈  Test "a drop returns one call; everything else keeps its place" started.
􀟈  Test "Clear returns every waiting call saying a person did it, and leaves the active run" started.
􀟈  Test "the shell doctor actually sources the file this test guards" started.
􀟈  Test "a failed assertion exits 1 — the call worked and the check did not" started.
􀟈  Test "a synthetic run waits for the app it targets and holds it while it runs" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane comes back when a run throws, not only when it returns" started.
􀟈  Test "a passing assertion still exits 0, so the verdict is read and not assumed" started.
􀟈  Test "the shell fragment matches the committed file" started.
􀟈  Test "a kill that could not signal a target exits 1" started.
􀟈  Test "a finished run stops claiming the machine" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a named lane that is not ready exits 5, whatever the rest of the reply says" started.
􀟈  Test "the scheduler and the disclosure agree about the same batch" started.
􀟈  Test "a press on the same session is not refused — it would not take the Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "a session already on a guest is not refused by this gate" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that took the front says so as a field, not as a sentence to parse" started.
􀟈  Test "a reading never joins the line" started.
􀟈  Test "a harmless run ending does not clear a foreground run still going beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "a type that fell back to the event stream is counted, though nothing predicted it" started.
􀟈  Test "unset, a click takes the host as it always did" started.
􀟈  Test "a background-safe run reports that nothing needed the front" started.
􀟈  Test "the missing-guest refusal names all three providers" started.
􀟈  Test "the charcoal was cut, not baked in — real alpha, and no ground left behind" started.
􀟈  Test "every guest listing carries the one Tahoe note" started.
􀟈  Test "if Maestro is installed, its version comes off the install layout" started.
􀟈  Test "a click on the host with PROCTOR_GUEST set is refused and posts nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "four unanswerable situations give four different reasons" started.
􀟈  Test "the densities are the same art, not three different drawings" started.
􀟈  Test "a loop's frames sit on the same footprint as each other, bar idle's one-pixel bob" started.
􀟈  Test "a status read whose link fails does not release the attachment" started.
􀟈  Test "a session attached to one guest reads unknown for another" started.
􀟈  Test "one footprint across all seven states, so the character never jumps" started.
􀟈  Test "grey belongs to paused alone, so paused is readable without colour" started.
􀟈  Test "every picture is the bay's size at its density, so nothing is rescaled to fit" started.
􀟈  Test "every picture the table names is in the bundle at every density" started.
􀟈  Test "no indeterminate line anywhere claims the step happened" started.
􀟈  Test "auditStep's header still says what the trail attests to" started.
􀟈  Test "list is list -a -j, the shape measured on this machine" started.
􀟈  Test "idle's second frame is the first lifted exactly one pixel — the record's bob" started.
􀟈  Test "an attached guest reports the version its own Proctor answered with" started.
􀟈  Test "the image name is never the answer" started.
􀟈  Test "two observers agreeing nothing happened is a failure, with its inputs beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "the bay's rounded clip never cuts the character, only what trails off it" started.
􀟈  Test "clone uses --name, matching prlctl's own flag" started.
􀟈  Test "a backend that dies mid-step records indeterminate and keeps Proctor's reading" started.
􀟈  Test "no delegated field carries application or caller text" started.
􀟈  Test "two overlapping batches keep their own lane events" started.
􀟈  Test "the real probes produce a full report with lanes and a posture" started.
􀟈  Test "a blocked app is refused before the backend is reached at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a native row makes no claims it is not entitled to" started.
􀟈  Test "the refusal says why, and points somewhere" started.
􀟈  Test "if Xcode is installed, its version comes out of the plist beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "the batch stops at an indeterminate step and runs it exactly once" started.
􀟈  Test "truncated output is refused rather than parsed as a short listing" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated step that escalates to the front raises the statement, late" started.
􀟈  Test "a native step never acquires a disagreement it has no second observer for" started.
􀟈  Test "a suspected no-op the window contradicts stays a success, with both readings" started.
􀟈  Test "Resolving against the effective environment would misreport source and lock" started.
􀟈  Test "a skipped assertion does not count as an overall pass" started.
􀟈  Test "a native pixel comparison has nothing to qualify" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane event is written as its own record with no step kind" started.
􀟈  Test "the verification runs off the cooperative pool, on a thread the pool cannot refuse" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated batch that stays on the accessibility plane states nothing on screen" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated run reports skipped with a reason, never passed" started.
􀟈  Test "an unchanged file is verified once, however often it is asked about" started.
􀟈  Test "tier has no default, so a machine cannot claim observation it does not have" started.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar's foreground block names which backend is performing the steps" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated pixel comparison carries what it is worth" started.
􀟈  Test "an over-claiming driver leaves a passing row that still says the two disagree" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated batch yields zero times against an application Proctor raised" started.
􀟈  Test "a native machine refuses nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the same assertion on a native machine is actually evaluated" started.
􀟈  Test "fifteen callers arriving together on a cold entry cost one verification" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated machine refuses every kind that reads the tree" started.
􀟈  Test "the default tier is verify, not the API ceiling" started.
􀟈  Test "through Session.doctor, the verification runs off the cooperative pool" started.
􀟈  Test "every probe set shares one cache, because the verdict is a fact about the file" started.
􀟈  Test "two different files in one store are one entry each, not one slot they fight over" started.
􀟈  Test "the one pixel kind survives, because pixels are what a delegated lane has" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated row carries the backend, its claim and Proctor's own reading" started.
􀟈  Test "eight sessions asking about one binary at once verify it once between them" started.
􀟈  Test "a purpose is parsed by name, and an unknown one is refused rather than guessed" started.
􀟈  Test "the saving over the old default is worth the change" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing to look at is not checked, rather than being called unsigned" started.
􀟈  Test "tier survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" started.
􀟈  Test "a kind nobody has classified is refused rather than quietly permitted" started.
􀟈  Test "a normalisation with no tier still decodes, so an older record is not lost" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame already smaller than the tier is passed through untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "a near-square frame is bound by the pixel ceiling, not the long edge" started.
􀟈  Test "the interlock is active in this process and the operator path is the real one" started.
􀟈  Test "an indeterminate row does not say Proctor pressed anything" started.
􀟈  Test "a session that injects nothing still cannot reach the operator's policy" started.
􀟈  Test "targeting sits exactly on Gemini's tile boundary" started.
􀟈  Test "the token estimate follows the published approximation" started.
􀟈  Test "two un-injected sessions do not share one policy file" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary unknown window still reports as an unknown window" started.
􀟈  Test "a verification in flight holds no cooperative thread, so the rest of the process runs" started.
􀟈  Test "a file replaced with its timestamps preserved is verified again" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail signed by another key, presented with its own key, is never clean" started.
􀟈  Test "entries written before the chain verify as predating it, neither clean nor forged" started.
􀟈  Test "the changed-pixel fraction separates an unchanged frame from a changed one" started.
􀟈  Test "a configure through an injected store writes that store's directory" started.
􀟈  Test "each tier is strictly cheaper than the one above it" started.
􀟈  Test "one flipped byte inside the sealed part is detected as forged, not as unreadable" started.
􀟈  Test "the CLI ships under a different filename from the name it is invoked under" started.
􀟈  Test "a step says which route it took, not only which side it travelled" started.
􀟈  Test "configuring a policy in a test leaves the operator's real policy file alone" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail one entry ahead of its anchor is normal growth after a crash, not a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "a foreground request a step could use is honoured as before" started.
􀟈  Test "a record's hash covers its bytes without the newline, in lowercase hex" started.
􀟈  Test "every shipped binary is signed and copied by the build script" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreadable record is reported, and the entry after it still links to its bytes" started.
􀟈  Test "deleting a pre-chain entry is detected too" started.
􀟈  Test "no anchor means completeness cannot be proved, and never means clean" started.
􀟈  Test "the same file with no anchor is an old trail rather than a stripped one" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail this build wrote verifies clean end to end" started.
􀟈  Test "a genuinely signed entry cannot be spliced in from another trail" started.
􀟈  Test "a reordered pair is detected" started.
􀟈  Test "a key change is reported as a key this Mac no longer holds, not as forgery" started.
􀟈  Test "a signature that is not a signature is a fault rather than an unreadable entry" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry sealed before this feature still opens, and the seal is untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "the plane comes from the window list, not from the handle's beliefs" started.
􀟈  Test "every tier preserves the aspect ratio it was given" started.
􀟈  Test "no code path in the iOS lane constructs a shutdown or erase argument" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail whose signed entries were all removed reports it as a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "the signed material covers the ciphertext, the link, the trail and the key" started.
􀟈  Test "PROCTOR_CURSOR=0 turns the pointer off" started.
􀟈  Test "a foreground request nothing can use is ignored and reported" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry claiming a key class this Mac does not have is a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail whose entries cannot be opened still returns a full verdict" started.
􀟈  Test "stripping every signed entry does not read as a trail that predates signing" started.
􀟈  Test "neither CLI is a named refusal, not an empty listing" started.
􀟈  Test "the signed material is unambiguous: no two different field sets share a transcript" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail cut short reports how many entries are missing from the end" started.
􀟈  Test "the device-frame caveat names the missing frame status" started.
􀟈  Test "list without a guest argument is the default and does not provision" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty pre-chain prefix hashes as the hash of no bytes" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that never ran carries no route" started.
􀟈  Test "start changes the power state, re-reads, and lands on the trail" started.
􀟈  Test "a fork — two entries claiming the same predecessor — is reported" started.
􀟈  Test "no two shipped binaries differ only by case, because the volume does not" started.
􀟈  Test "the status-bar band is excluded from a device comparison" started.
􀟈  Test "reach on a Windows guest is refused rather than tunnelled" started.
􀟈  Test "list returns handles, capabilities, and does not start anything" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry removed from the middle breaks the link, with its position" started.
􀟈  Test "REQ-035 effect witness: the trail names the front end the kernel saw, not the one the request claimed" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail rolled back to an older copy of itself is detected" started.
􀟈  Test "the hedge comes off once the last conditional step has run" started.
􀟈  Test "reach on a native macOS guest returns a recipe and no shell command" started.
􀟈  Test "a row says what the reply said and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "start launches detached, polls get, and re-reads" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate opens before the gesture is posted and stays open across it" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry signed by a different key is reported, not accepted" started.
􀟈  Test "a populated history still fits the 80x24 floor" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail one entry behind its anchor is a lost final entry, not an accusation" started.
􀟈  Test "a run with no bundle id draws a dash rather than a guess" started.
􀟈  Test "high-s signatures are accepted, because half of all honest signatures are high-s" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal, a failure and the end of the run all release the gate" started.
􀟈  Test "the clock fits its eight-cell column at every hour of the day" started.
􀟈  Test "a name held by two providers is refused rather than guessed" started.
􀟈  Test "entries that could not be opened are counted, never dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel says what the batch contains before its first step runs" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary unknown window still reports as an unknown window" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry appended by someone holding only the sealing key is reported as forged" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest handle is refused by name wherever a window handle is expected" started.
􀟈  Test "a device handle is refused by name wherever a window handle is expected" started.
􀟈  Test "an absent policy loads empty, and a saved one loads back" started.
􀟈  Test "a sealed trail and a quiet machine are not drawn the same way" started.
􀟈  Test "every lane decision is byte-identical to the answers recorded before PRO-0035" started.
􀙟  Test "the campaign's evidence artifact regenerates from the renderer" skipped.
􀟈  Test "A3 · every mock surface has an anchor, and every anchor is unique" started.
􀟈  Test "the count of entries nobody could open reaches the shelf" started.
􀟈  Test "a type that stayed on the accessibility plane retires the warning instead" started.
􀟈  Test "the notice survives the steps that are not themselves synthetic" started.
􀟈  Test "a type that falls back to the event stream raises the count on the row" started.
􀟈  Test "a run the reply could not name a tool for is dropped rather than half-drawn" started.
􀟈  Test "a report never folds inconclusive results into its pass count" started.
􀟈  Test "a truncated listing is refused rather than parsed short" started.
􀟈  Test "the first chained entry pins the history before it, so a later edit to it is detected" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · a release build reports reflectorUnavailable rather than agreement" started.
􀟈  Test "Pause and Stop stay reachable for the whole of a batch that holds a click" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a property no channel settles can never report a match" started.
􀟈  Test "with the variable unset the second tool is never named, in any field, anywhere" started.
􀟈  Test "tree properties settle on a real comparison, both ways" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · the channel table answers for every property class" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · an unread layer property is inconclusive with its reason, not a match" started.
􀟈  Test "stop and clone use tart's own verbs" started.
􀟈  Test "a start that never comes up reports the timeout and leaves the stop to its caller" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · an untrustworthy frame cannot settle rendered appearance" started.
􀟈  Test "a native failure still says failed, even carrying the same error code" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_guest is in the catalogue and states its ceiling" started.
􀟈  Test "a certain step settling does not count itself a second time" started.
􀟈  Test "it swaps to the present tense while a synthetic step is in flight, then back" started.
􀟈  Test "darwin is macOS — the only live target's classification, pinned" started.
􀟈  Test "a real page beside an internal one is still the real page" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue knows which browsers are Chromium, channels included" started.
􀟈  Test "the default lane is Obscura and says so in a sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "the status row appears only when this machine has something to say about the lane" started.
􀟈  Test "the second lane ships no command anywhere, and no Obscura flag either" started.
􀟈  Test "the second lane discloses what it is at both detail levels, not only in the caveats" started.
􀟈  Test "the browser's own credential, extension and history pages are nobody's to drive" started.
􀟈  Test "a name that looks like a platform is not one — only the provider's word counts" started.
􀟈  Test "with the lane off a browser-internal page is exactly what PRO-0020 emitted" started.
􀟈  Test "notes are Obscura's facts, several at once, and never ride the other lane" started.
􀟈  Test "a local file or an inline payload names neither tool" started.
􀟈  Test "a page inside the browser goes to the lane that has such a page, and only there" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · all seven phases resolve to a symbol, and each is distinct" started.
􀟈  Test "identifiers are unique across every phase and control" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · the chip reports what the step said, and infers nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "REQ-017 effect witness: proctor_guest spawns a real child, and a missing binary spawns none" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane that was enabled and is not installed says so, without an install command" started.
􀟈  Test "the two switches are independent, so either can be left on alone" started.
􀟈  Test "list is list --format json, and the listing itself carries no platform" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · a run on an unrecognised delivery mode is never called background-safe" started.
􀟈  Test "a new run replaces the previous run's disclosure rather than inheriting it" started.
􀟈  Test "no combination recommends a tool the machine does not have" started.
􀟈  Test "the adapter has no verb that could destroy a guest" started.
􀟈  Test "a row sealed before this field existed still decodes, with it absent" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · each surface item owns the anchors it converts" started.
􀟈  Test "a record with no front end is stamped with the connected one" started.
􀟈  Test "both are on by default, because opting out of a stop control is deliberate" started.
􀟈  Test "an unrecognised peer is nil rather than guessed at" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest whose platform the provider did not name is refused, not admitted" started.
􀟈  Test "A report carrying switches round-trips" started.
􀟈  Test "a phase that offers Stop is exactly a phase with a stoppable run" started.
􀟈  Test "the peer's executable is read from the kernel, not from the caller" started.
􀟈  Test "a fallback-capable step posting under the panel arms the block" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary page with Obscura gone is told Obscura is gone, never handed the agent" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · idle offers no controls, and every phase with a run offers Stop" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate has three states and the variable alone decides whether the name is allowed" started.
􀟈  Test "clone copies and does not invent a guest that was not there" started.
􀟈  Test "a file that does not end in a newline reports a torn final write" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreadable peer leaves the field absent rather than reading as MCP" started.
􀟈  Test "a window id that came back from the guest is refused for another session" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed answer is re-probed rather than remembered" started.
􀟈  Test "a background-safe batch is not announced at all" started.
􀟈  Test "the front end survives the line the seal is taken over" started.
􀟈  Test "the two definite states still report as they always did" started.
􀟈  Test "A report with no switches field still decodes" started.
􀟈  Test "a definite answer costs one platform call however often it is asked" started.
􀟈  Test "a link that will not answer refuses the attach rather than attaching anyway" started.
􀟈  Test "the doctor schema tells a reader what the third state means" started.
􀟈  Test "attaching a stopped guest starts it, through the audited path" started.
􀟈  Test "detach stops only a guest this agent started" started.
􀟈  Test "attaching points the session's machine at the guest, for this caller only" started.
􀟈  Test "a throwing probe reads as denied, which is what a denial looks like" started.
􀟈  Test "the blocker names a non-answer as a non-answer" started.
􀟈  Test "a record that already names a front end keeps it" started.
􀟈  Test "a boot that never finishes is stopped through the audited path, and recorded" started.
􀟈  Test "the adapter fills the platform from get, per guest, and never from the name" started.
􀟈  Test "the probe the agent actually runs is bounded by the constant the report quotes" started.
􀟈  Test "the identity a peer is given carries its front end" started.
􀟈  Test "a linux guest is refused: it has no Proctor inside to forward to" started.
􀟈  Test "the remedy for an unconfirmed grant does not send anybody to System Settings" started.
􀟈  Test "a tool nobody listed forwards, rather than quietly running here" started.
􀟈  Test "two attaches racing on one session leave one link, and close the other" started.
􀟈  Test "each shipped front end maps to its own name in the trail" started.
􀟈  Test "ready is false while a required grant is unconfirmed" started.
􀟈  Test "an attached session's calls go to the guest, and nothing runs on this Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "there is no code path that runs a guest session's batch on the host" started.
􀟈  Test "a platform call that never answers is ended by the bound, on the bound the product ships" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest already running is not started again" started.
􀟈  Test "a session cannot attach twice" started.
􀟈  Test "an answering platform call is reported as it answered" started.
􀟈  Test "the shipped agent plist declares the identity the code reasons with" started.
􀟈  Test "detaching when nothing is attached is a refusal, not a silent success" started.
􀟈  Test "attach through the dispatcher points the session at the guest" started.
􀟈  Test "a window Proctor has only partly read is not routed on what it did read" started.
􀟈  Test "the agent's identity is the app's, plus a suffix that says what it is" started.
􀟈  Test "with motion reduced every state is a single still picture" started.
􀟈  Test "the glow is the reference's pulse: dimmed, not blinked, over 1.6s" started.
􀟈  Test "presence is enough for both CLIs — a health check does not run them" started.
􀟈  Test "with motion allowed the moving states play their whole loop" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0243: a driver that can stand its cursor down leaves Proctor drawing" started.
􀟈  Test "a late answer is picked up by the next call" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant is reported as unconfirmed, not as a denial" started.
􀟈  Test "the HUD's switch is the pointer's shape exactly" started.
􀟈  Test "Proctor recognises its own processes, and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "the real timer still ends a parked call, however long the machine takes about it" started.
􀟈  Test "the still it falls back to is the state's own resting picture, not another state's" started.
􀟈  Test "no text from the driver reaches the encoded report" started.
􀟈  Test "the host keeps the tools that answer about this Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "launchd and LaunchServices know the agent by the same name" started.
􀟈  Test "a link that fails mid-run refuses, names the guest, and runs nothing here" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0244: the native lane never defers its pointer" started.
􀟈  Test "selecting the delegated lane is visible in the report" started.
􀟈  Test "a machine with none of these tools is still ready" started.
􀟈  Test "the report carries a policy posture, and no rule in it" started.
􀟈  Test "the report says which lanes this machine has" started.
􀟈  Test "the identity is named, not inferred from whatever process is asking" started.
􀟈  Test "an answer inside the bound wins even when the bound never fires" started.
􀟈  Test "what preflight established is surfaced rather than re-derived" started.
􀟈  Test "every tool Proctor looks for has a row, in one fixed order" started.
􀟈  Test "the bar says whose the hold is, not only that there is one" started.
􀟈  Test "with motion reduced the rail never glows, in any state" started.
􀟈  Test "a held queue and a held run read as the two different things they are" started.
􀟈  Test "the held run's row is marked and the others are not" started.
􀟈  Test "the grandfathered Obscura fields still agree with the Obscura row" started.
􀟈  Test "an ad-hoc driver reads unusable, with the same reason the lane would refuse for" started.
􀟈  Test "a located tool carries a usability verdict and the evidence behind it" started.
􀟈  Test "a hold keeps the bar on screen, on a machine that otherwise looks idle" started.
􀟈  Test "a signed driver reads unconfirmed, because a health check does not run it" started.
􀟈  Test "progress never runs past the end of the rail" started.
􀟈  Test "a run with no hold carries none, so the field is not decoration" started.
􀟈  Test "the exception is gone once the run has ended" started.
􀟈  Test "a repeated sweep shows each pass in turn rather than one total across all of them" started.
􀟈  Test "one state variable drives the whole panel, and every phase has a tone" started.
􀟈  Test "an explicit point wins over the element frame, matching the actuator" started.
􀟈  Test "a screen point maps to the expected pixel: origin subtracted then scaled" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame with no pixels has nowhere to place a marker" started.
􀟈  Test "an unnamed app still produces a sentence rather than a hole in one" started.
􀟈  Test "an ending still lingers away, and a quiet one waits three seconds" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's own stop is not drawn as a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "a normal CaptureResult has no pointer, so captures stay byte-identical" started.
􀟈  Test "both missing is unavailable, and the note names the grant-once recipe" started.
􀟈  Test "the verb carries the state, so no line needs a status label beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "the rail glows only while a run is moving" started.
􀟈  Test "the app's plist still owns the identity the grants are attached to" started.
􀟈  Test "a tool call dispatched under an attachment lands in the guest, not on this Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "an ending a person needs to read holds longer than one they do not" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail row is past tense and comes from the same table as the live line" started.
􀟈  Test "the accessibility plane is never announced" started.
􀟈  Test "REQ-023 effect witness: the Reflector's own socket answers real connections with values AppKit resolved, and a stopped one answers none" started.
􀟈  Test "a refused step lands in the trail with no settle time rather than a fabricated one" started.
􀟈  Test "the live line is StepDescription's, in both timings, with no second wording table" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_act advertises pointerMarks and stays a non-idempotent actuator" started.
􀟈  Test "a synthetic step says so, in words, once, naming the app that must stay in front" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that failed or never settled is the error state, in red" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel is on screen for a run and gone once the linger is over" started.
􀟈  Test "a run starting inside the linger keeps the panel, even if the timer still fires" started.
􀟈  Test "a host run still has no target and still announces a synthetic step" started.
􀟈  Test "an off-frame target clamps to the nearest edge and is flagged" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest run names the guest and says this Mac is free" started.
􀟈  Test "Pause and Resume are the same control, and never borrow the queue's words" started.
􀟈  Test "the tools that answer about this Mac still answer here" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0236: every foreground path maps to the plane that raises the statement" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0238: an unrecognised path is never guessed into a background plane" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue still advertises exactly nineteen tools" started.
􀟈  Test "a held queue starts nothing at all, including the active session's own next run" started.
􀟈  Test "no action the catalogue advertises is refused by the dispatcher as unknown" started.
􀟈  Test "an explicit point is the target, tagged as a point" started.
􀟈  Test "either provider is enough" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_flow advertises pointerMarks for replay" started.
􀟈  Test "the report still decodes when the new fields are absent" started.
􀟈  Test "first come, first served within a lane" started.
􀟈  Test "every state a run reaches is readable from its words and colour alone" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0237: a background path does not report that plane" started.
􀟈  Test "a pointer overlay round-trips every field" started.
􀟈  Test "with no point, the acted element's frame centre is the target" started.
􀟈  Test "two runs against different apps both start" started.
􀟈  Test "a coordinate-less step marks nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the give-up ceiling is adjustable by the same kind of setting as the off-switches" started.
􀟈  Test "a pause with no step to name still says what it is, rather than going blank" started.
􀟈  Test "a result with no machine still decodes, so an older record is not lost" started.
􀟈  Test "a whole-machine run at the head of the line is not walked past for ever" started.
􀟈  Test "the audit trail writes the machine on every step, always" started.
􀟈  Test "the counter and the rail track the batch in flight" started.
􀟈  Test "the audit token is one stable token, not a sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "attaching a running guest starts nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane's boolean is fail-closed and agrees with its state" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch with no steps does not divide by zero" started.
􀟈  Test "a session nobody told is on this Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "the host says which platform it is, rather than leaving it to be assumed" started.
􀟈  Test "the doctor says which machine every other answer in it is about" started.
􀟈  Test "every record written during one call shares that call's run identifier" started.
􀟈  Test "every object is fenced in quotes, supplied or derived" started.
􀟈  Test "two runs against the same app take turns" started.
􀟈  Test "a script names nothing derived, even when a node resolved" started.
􀟈  Test "typed text, script bodies and set values never appear" started.
􀟈  Test "carried text wins over the element for those three kinds" started.
􀟈  Test "a shortcut names the shortcut the actuator will run" started.
􀟈  Test "a derived name cannot close the quotation and append a clause either" started.
􀟈  Test "truncation does not split a grapheme cluster" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel's phrase degrades by dropping clauses, never by printing an absence" started.
􀟈  Test "a 400-character label is cut to the cap, on one line, with no ellipsis" started.
􀟈  Test "markup in an app's own accessibility title is stripped too" started.
􀟈  Test "a menu step names its last path component" started.
􀟈  Test "an act result names the machine it ran on" started.
􀟈  Test "a freehand drag names a titled element but never a bare container" started.
􀟈  Test "every kind has an outcome line, in both outcomes, that never prints its raw value" started.
􀟈  Test "then role description, then subrole, then role" started.
􀟈  Test "machine survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" started.
􀟈  Test "browser-use is named only when the operator named it" started.
􀟈  Test "a supplied name cannot close the quotation and append a clause" started.
􀟈  Test "the trail holds the three most recent steps, newest last, with their settle times" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal names the action as a thing plus what happened" started.
􀟈  Test "every kind produces a prospective line, distinct from the present one" started.
􀟈  Test "no line is rendered by printing a kind's internal name" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0242: a driver that cannot stand its cursor down leaves a run with no Proctor pointer" started.
􀟈  Test "the wording reads as English, hand-written per kind" started.
􀟈  Test "a host run writes host rather than writing nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty carried field falls through instead of blocking the next one" started.
􀟈  Test "angle brackets go but the name between them stays" started.
􀟈  Test "a label that cleans down to nothing falls back to the derived object" started.
􀟈  Test "markup does not survive" started.
􀟈  Test "every kind produces a present-tense line naming the element, with no caller input" started.
􀟈  Test "only one whole-machine run anywhere at a time, and it holds the app it raises" started.
􀟈  Test "an element with no name at all still yields its id, so the line is never empty" started.
􀟈  Test "a normal CaptureResult has no crop, so captures stay byte-identical" started.
􀟈  Test "a step with nothing nameable reads as the action alone, with no dangling preposition" started.
􀟈  Test "carried text is treated as the client's, not as Proctor's own reading" started.
􀟈  Test "a paused run takes no clicks away from itself" started.
􀟈  Test "a run blocked on one app does not hold up a different app behind it" started.
􀟈  Test "a pathological title costs bounded work and still yields the cap" started.
􀟈  Test "padding grows the element region on every side" started.
􀟈  Test "a region straddling the edge clamps to the visible pixels and says so" started.
􀟈  Test "waiting reads as waiting for the thing, not as acting on it" started.
􀟈  Test "pad grows a region symmetrically and is floored at zero padding" started.
􀟈  Test "a region entirely outside the frame is refused" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame with no pixels cannot place a region" started.
􀟈  Test "newlines, tabs and control characters collapse to one line" started.
􀟈  Test "a run in which every step refused still names its machine" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_zoom is advertised, read-only, and exposes region and node" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_zoom rides in the core profile alongside capture, not in ax" started.
􀟈  Test "at 2x a region doubles into native pixels" started.
􀟈  Test "the manifest lists every picture once" started.
􀟈  Test "no two states rest on the same picture, so a glance tells them apart" started.
􀟈  Test "the seven states are exactly the design record's — none added, none dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "a sub-pixel region rounds outward so the whole region is inside the crop" started.
􀟈  Test "a negative-origin region (element near the window edge) clamps to zero" started.
􀟈  Test "a moving state's loop has frames and a duration for each of them" started.
􀟈  Test "idle, travelling and acting move; the other four hold still" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame already inside both ceilings is returned untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "at 1x a region is its own pixel rect" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_zoom advertises a bespoke output schema with freshness and crop fields" started.
􀟈  Test "a zero-area region is refused, not cropped to nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "every state has a picture, so no run state draws an empty bay" started.
􀟈  Test "standard and double density ship; triple is produced as the brief asks" started.
􀟈  Test "a long, multi-line element title is capped and flattened as well" started.
􀟈  Test "every ending closes the gate" started.
􀟈  Test "a supplied label replaces the object, never the verb or the timing word" started.
􀟈  Test "a queue control that names no action is refused with the list" started.
􀟈  Test "a fallback opens the gate and an accessibility success does not" started.
􀟈  Test "it does not give up while the budget it was given is unspent, however long that takes" started.
􀟈  Test "the aspect ratio survives the reduction" started.
􀙟  Test "a real flow runs twice against a real simulator and scores the repeats" skipped.
􀟈  Test "entries written through the agent's own append verify clean" started.
􀟈  Test "a zoom crop round-trips the crop descriptor and keeps the freshness fields" started.
􀟈  Test "the object falls back title, then description, then identifier" started.
􀟈  Test "a keystroke names the keystroke, not the field it lands in" started.
􀟈  Test "each tier's own ceiling is the one that binds" started.
􀟈  Test "travelling and acting carry four drawn frames each, as the brief asks" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate follows the event, not the step's kind" started.
􀟈  Test "a yield parks its owner and leaves every other run alone" started.
􀟈  Test "an element's screen frame converts to a window-relative region" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver that never answers gives up when the budget it was given is spent" started.
􀟈  Test "the tie window is not the default tolerance, so ranking still works at the default" started.
􀟈  Test "a clean close is reported as closed, never as a timeout" started.
􀟈  Test "two frames arriving in one chunk are both read" started.
􀟈  Test "the nearest placement wins in a container barely wider than the element" started.
􀟈  Test "a negative tolerance is clamped rather than matching nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a word outside the vocabulary parses to nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the tolerance is one distance on both edges and on the centre" started.
􀟈  Test "a roomy container separates the placements outright" started.
􀟈  Test "an element that fills its container ties on all three" started.
􀟈  Test "an element hanging outside the container reads as outside, not inside" started.
􀟈  Test "a buffered line is served without waiting on the deadline" started.
􀟈  Test "a trailing line with no terminator survives the close" started.
􀟈  Test "a sub-millisecond budget does not expire instantly" started.
􀟈  Test "three times the tolerance on an edge is custom, not left" started.
􀟈  Test "an identifier with no marker takes exactly the path it took before" started.
􀟈  Test "the routable scheme list is the shared set plus every row's own namespace" started.
􀟈  Test "an identifier whose truncated base matches nothing falls back to the whole thing" started.
􀟈  Test "a non-finite or negative frame is not measurable" started.
􀟈  Test "the default tolerance is the same one the other geometry kinds use" started.
􀟈  Test "a web app names no lane under every combination of tool state" started.
􀟈  Test "a custom reading names every offset it measured" started.
􀟈  Test "flags are present exactly when the handoff points at an instrument" started.
􀟈  Test "Every letter key maps to the virtual keycode Carbon names for it" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate closes on the settle, not at the next step" started.
􀟈  Test "every flag set true has its subject stated in that instrument's prose" started.
􀟈  Test "every handoff carries a surface at both detail levels" started.
􀟈  Test "chromiumFamily is computed from the scheme namespace and answers as before" started.
􀟈  Test "parsing is forgiving about case and space and strict about the rest" started.
􀟈  Test "no queue control needs a run in flight" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame past the long edge is brought down to it" started.
􀟈  Test "two offsets within the tie window tie; a clear winner does not" started.
􀟈  Test "with the lane unset, the new fields never carry the name either" started.
􀟈  Test "a channel variant is still a browser window, and a non-browser is still nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "an installed web app identifies as one, hosted by its browser" started.
􀟈  Test "Mean difference reads all four bytes of every RGBA pixel" started.
􀟈  Test "a failure takes the same shape, and the object is kept where there is one" started.
􀟈  Test "a step the repeats disagreed about carries both subjects" started.
􀟈  Test "records with the new fields round-trip" started.
􀟈  Test "unclassified is a value on the wire, never an absence" started.
􀟈  Test "a record's handle matches the namespace" started.
􀟈  Test "the semantic words parse to the physical ones" started.
􀟈  Test "a line already written comes back whole" started.
􀟈  Test "the disclosure carries proctor_act's own evidence sentence, not a second wording" started.
􀟈  Test "A minted run id is twelve lowercase hex characters, and two differ" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue says a score can be taken over page content" started.
􀟈  Test "a step measured on enough repeats publishes the number the fold computed" started.
􀟈  Test "a web app keeps the advice a browser window would have got about its page" started.
􀟈  Test "listing marks a browser and leaves everything else alone" started.
􀟈  Test "a step written before hashSubject existed still decodes" started.
􀟈  Test "acting on the page discloses once for the whole batch" started.
􀟈  Test "a native sweep encodes none of the new keys" started.
􀟈  Test "a web app on a channel build is a web app, not a channel" started.
􀟈  Test "each instrument's flags are the documented ones, at both detail levels" started.
􀟈  Test "the reported word is always the physical one" started.
􀟈  Test "attaching to a native app says nothing about browsers" started.
􀟈  Test "a withheld sample is counted on the step, and omitted when there were none" started.
􀟈  Test "Each contact recorded on the unlock turn counts exactly once" started.
􀟈  Test "a column of one hash scores zero, which is why the count has to travel with it" started.
􀟈  Test "acting on the browser's own chrome says nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the same (provider, name) always produces the same handle" started.
􀟈  Test "the fold reports the sample count its own instability was computed from" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that starts in the toolbar and ends in the page still discloses" started.
􀟈  Test "the backstop is adjustable by the same kind of setting as the off-switch" started.
􀟈  Test "Pause holds the checkpoint until somebody resumes it" started.
􀟈  Test "a pause nobody resumes gives up on the backstop, and says that is what happened" started.
􀟈  Test "a run nobody has touched is never held up" started.
􀟈  Test "Stop is seen at the next checkpoint and keeps being seen" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that names nothing positional falls back to the window" started.
􀟈  Test "a park with no nameable cause says that, rather than saying nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a web app never reaches the ladder, whatever the page's scheme is" started.
􀟈  Test "the start time in the identity key is a real one, so the probe can disagree with it" started.
􀟈  Test "A duration switches from milliseconds to seconds at exactly one second" started.
􀟈  Test "a long park names the run and a person's pause as its cause" started.
􀟈  Test "both halts refuse under their own code, never as a policy rule or an app fault" started.
􀟈  Test "attaching to a browser says it once, in full" started.
􀟈  Test "a new run starts with nobody's hand on it" started.
􀟈  Test "Stop releases a pause rather than leaving the run held for ever" started.
􀟈  Test "the default monitor reports a machine nobody is using" started.
􀟈  Test "finding an element in the page discloses; finding one in the toolbar does not" started.
􀟈  Test "an activate on a free machine is not held up by the queue" started.
􀟈  Test "a run parked on the process-wide latch does not park a fresh session" started.
􀟈  Test "the diagnostic waits long enough that an ordinary pause never trips it" started.
􀟈  Test "a long park names the automatic cause when that is what holds it" started.
􀟈  Test "a browser window with no page in it is not a page" started.
􀟈  Test "a session that names no latch does not get the process-wide one" started.
􀟈  Test "a captured step with a marker carries both file locations" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_stability advertises both switches, with the cost and the honesty caveat on them" started.
􀟈  Test "a native step encodes no hashSubject" started.
􀟈  Test "a quiet sample never yields, however many times it is read" started.
􀟈  Test "the determinism fold reads hashes and nothing else, so no artifact can reach a score" started.
􀟈  Test "with neither switch set nothing is captured and the run says nothing new" started.
􀟈  Test "the ledger keeps replay identity across runs, so one step is comparable between them" started.
􀟈  Test "a step whose capture failed still occupies its slot in the ledger" started.
􀟈  Test "a report with no captures omits the key entirely, so an existing caller's JSON is unchanged" started.
􀟈  Test "a failed step encodes as step plus the error, in the two shapes it has" started.
􀟈  Test "a queued activate is refused as busy, before it activates anything" started.
􀟈  Test "a capturing run warns that its timings are not comparable with one captured off" started.
􀟈  Test "the agent's own construction names both process-wide seams" started.
􀟈  Test "the determinism numbers survive the ledger being present, unchanged" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame with no marker says the marker had no target, but only when one was asked for" started.
􀟈  Test "the words are the queue's, never the run's" started.
􀟈  Test "a session that names no monitor watches the quiet one" started.
􀟈  Test "a step whose capture failed is reported as producing nothing, without touching the run" started.
􀟈  Test "a body that completes returns nothing, and its work still happened" started.
􀟈  Test "a reported drawing fault leaves doctor able to say the panel is gone and why" started.
􀟈  Test "a replay that broke mid-flow reports the failing step and stops there" started.
􀟈  Test "a step measured on fewer than two repeats publishes no instability number" started.
􀟈  Test "a report written before these fields existed still decodes" started.
􀟈  Test "a pause inside the backstop is still a pause" started.
􀟈  Test "an exception raised by Foundation itself is caught, not fatal" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-161 · the restart requirement is stated while Screen Recording is missing" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-056 · a grant is nominated in every state where one is still missing" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · skipping reaches the same terminal state as completing" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · no primary button is labelled with a word that predicts nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · skip is drawn beside the refusal and nothing disables it" started.
􀟈  Test "the switch is not a tool, so no host can put a person's stop button away" started.
􀟈  Test "a caught fault does not poison the next call" started.
􀟈  Test "the advertised switch names are the same constants the dispatcher reads" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · a reason exists exactly where the primary refuses, at all sixteen combinations" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · intro and connect never refuse, whatever macOS has answered" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-163 · the primary is filled only where it can be pressed" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-162 · the design of record draws the way out on the pane that refuses" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · the walkthrough draws the disabled control rather than removing it" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · auto-advance fires only from granted, and only with both grants in" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · identifiers are unique and namespaced" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-161 · the permissions sheet draws the restart note" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility-plane run arms nothing and can never be held" started.
􀟈  Test "with no window named at all the panel still has somewhere to be" started.
􀟈  Test "no screens means no placement rather than a panel at the origin" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · a revocation refuses, explains, and does not trap" started.
􀟈  Test "a captured step encodes as step plus capture, unchanged" started.
􀟈  Test "a click at a point inside the page discloses even with no element to name" started.
􀟈  Test "the activity feed carries the phase the panel reduced" started.
􀟈  Test "asking for the marker with capture off switches capture on rather than doing nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a read-only tool is never destructive and is idempotent" started.
􀟈  Test "the same page probe routes in a browser and never in a native app" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the step is a pure function of its three inputs, at all eight combinations" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel docks off the usable corner, so a Dock cannot sit on top of it" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing on the doctor path can spawn anything" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · the primary refuses on permissions with a grant missing, and nowhere else" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · the footer draws the reason and hands it to the button" started.
􀟈  Test "the health report tells the four absences apart" started.
􀟈  Test "a replay that ended early is a divergence and its later steps are undersampled" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-035 · the walkthrough's unrendered twins are kept and differ from what ships" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-163 · the design draws the refusing primary plain, and says why" started.
􀟈  Test "a clean two-replay run yields one entry per step per replay, in step order" started.
􀟈  Test "a dragged position is clamped back onto its screen, never off the edge" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · the way out is drawn in every refusing state, and its condition reads one rule" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-160 · the reason names every missing grant and agrees with the prominent one" started.
􀟈  Test "a screen smaller than the panel pins it rather than producing a negative box" started.
􀟈  Test "it is docked into the screen's bottom-right corner at the reference's inset" started.
􀟈  Test "exactly the actuating tools are destructive" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel goes on the screen holding the driven window" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-056 · the row takes prominence as a parameter rather than deciding it" started.
􀟈  Test "the fault carries the exception's name and reason, so the next one is diagnosable" started.
􀟈  Test "an un-pathed maestro run lands outside the operator's root, and its run directory appears in the diverted one" started.
􀟈  Test "a window on a display that is no longer there goes to the nearest one" started.
􀟈  Test "act is not idempotent, because typing twice types twice" started.
􀟈  Test "the swept root is the operator's own, and the reader reports a write into it" started.
􀟈  Test "a window straddling two screens goes to the one showing most of it" started.
􀟈  Test "the stability output schema describes a ledger entry, not just an array" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-039 · the walkthrough view holds no string literal of its own" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility frame converts into AppKit's y-up space" started.
􀟈  Test "an un-pathed capture lands outside the operator's root, like an un-injected policy store" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-039 · the moved walkthrough copy is character-identical to what shipped" started.
􀟈  Test "buttons and keys are tracked separately, so one gesture cannot free another" started.
􀟈  Test "hardware is held" started.
􀟈  Test "a recorded flow lands outside the operator's root, like an un-pathed capture" started.
􀟈  Test "recording, listing, showing and deleting stay ungated and unrecorded" started.
􀟈  Test "a stability run of a blocked app is refused and reports no numbers" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-056 · exactly one grant is prominent, at all four combinations" started.
􀟈  Test "a reset refused after a repeat has completed ends the run, named as the reset" started.
􀟈  Test "a remapper's events are held, because they are the person's" started.
􀟈  Test "the reset between repeats is gated and recorded under its own name" started.
􀟈  Test "Defaults: the four drawing switches are on, the other five are off" started.
􀟈  Test "apps mutates session state but is non-destructive and idempotent" started.
􀟈  Test "a secret inside a reset step is redacted under the reset's own name" started.
􀟈  Test "the step order has one path and one end" started.
􀟈  Test "Only the two lane switches carry an on-value" started.
􀟈  Test "Exactly one switch applies live; the other eight need a fresh agent" started.
􀟈  Test "a replayed step that fails is recorded as failed, with its reason" started.
􀟈  Test "Escape stops the run and does not also reach the application" started.
􀟈  Test "the live drive path is unchanged: one refusal entry, same message and remedy" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel follows the driven window to the screen it is actually on" started.
􀟈  Test "the two chords that mean stop also stop the run" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · the Screen Recording row states its restart requirement" started.
􀟈  Test "a replay of a blocked app is refused before a single step is actuated" started.
􀟈  Test "an un-pathed device frame lands outside the operator's root, and its directory appears in the diverted one" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel is never sized to the union of the displays" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate judges the app being driven now, not the one the recording names" started.
􀟈  Test "a policy configure changes nothing under the operator's root, and the sweep can tell" started.
􀟈  Test "a modifier is never held" started.
􀟈  Test "a tagged event passes even when the pid is somebody else's, and vice versa" started.
􀟈  Test "a step's cost is said in the unit that reads" started.
􀟈  Test "an approval expiring between repeats stops the run and keeps what it measured" started.
􀟈  Test "a down the block swallowed takes its own up and its drags with it" started.
􀟈  Test "a chord is exact, so the list cannot widen into anything with Command held" started.
􀟈  Test "an un-injected session writes somewhere, and that somewhere is not the operator's" started.
􀟈  Test "every repeat of a permitted run is gated and every step recorded" started.
􀟈  Test "a lane recommendation carries the scheme and never an address" started.
􀟈  Test "our own posted Escape does not stop the run that posted it" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-130 · an Apple Events step is labelled, not drawn as its wire word" started.
􀟈  Test "kill is destructive and not idempotent, because a killed process cannot be killed again" started.
􀟈  Test "every counted sentence agrees with its number" started.
􀟈  Test "a run whose outcome is unknown is never summarised as failed" started.
􀟈  Test "a truncated run is never reported deterministic, even when its repeats agreed" started.
􀟈  Test "every way out of a Mac that is driving itself is passed" started.
􀟈  Test "some worked and some did not reduces to mixed" started.
􀟈  Test "an unrecognised plane is echoed rather than dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "an action nobody advertises is still refused, and says the eight" started.
􀟈  Test "a gate refusal lands on the run, not among steps that never ran" started.
􀟈  Test "The catalogue names exactly the nine runtime switches" started.
􀟈  Test "an un-pathed switch save lands outside the operator's root, and the settings file appears in the diverted one" started.
􀟈  Test "every event Proctor posts passes, whatever it is" started.
􀟈  Test "DEF-039 · the history view holds no user-facing literal of its own" started.
􀟈  Test "an executable directory named obscura is not the tool" started.
􀟈  Test "an entry that cannot be opened is counted, never dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "a replayed secret is redacted exactly as a live one is" started.
􀟈  Test "every outcome has its own mark, and halted is not a failure mark" started.
􀟈  Test "an up whose down was never swallowed passes" started.
􀟈  Test "the history scene's id and title have one definition" started.
􀟈  Test "the run limit caps what comes back" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing on the tool surface installs anything" started.
􀟈  Test "an advisory on its own reduces to recommended" started.
􀟈  Test "with Obscura installed the handoff still recommends it" started.
􀟈  Test "a rewrite of the same length is reported as a change" started.
􀟈  Test "the block's rule and the yield's rule disagree, and each is right" started.
􀟈  Test "a record written outside a call is its own run" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every step has a heading and a lede" started.
􀟈  Test "the gate forgets everything when the block goes down" started.
􀟈  Test "a target with no resolvable bundle id fails closed under an allow list" started.
􀟈  Test "attach carries the absence through the encoded JSON, and no command with it" started.
􀟈  Test "the absent answer expires sooner than the present one" started.
􀟈  Test "the queue's words are never the run's words" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch of handoffs costs one probe" started.
􀟈  Test "a held queue keeps its bar even with nothing waiting, so Hold can be released" started.
􀟈  Test "the bar is absent entirely when nothing is waiting" started.
􀟈  Test "a run taking the foreground outranks the phase, and readiness outranks it" started.
􀟈  Test "a doctor call re-probes and writes through to the handoff cache" started.
􀟈  Test "delivery and stopping are separate questions, and one case is both" started.
􀟈  Test "a single-instant run shows no duration rather than zero" started.
􀟈  Test "every ok reduces to ok" started.
􀟈  Test "the list shows every run that is not on the live line, running or waiting" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreachable agent keeps its status symbol, whatever the phase says" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's halt is told apart from the gate's refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's stop outranks a failure" started.
􀟈  Test "steps are ordered by the position the run recorded, not by arrival" started.
􀟈  Test "a snapshot of a page discloses the absence too" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's stop ends the run after the step in flight, and nothing after it runs" started.
􀟈  Test "records sharing a run become one run" started.
􀟈  Test "a record written before runs were recorded still reads" started.
􀟈  Test "Three switches require consent: the input block, the second lane, and overlay capture" started.
􀟈  Test "no records reduces to ok rather than crashing" started.
􀟈  Test "the count counts only the waiting ones" started.
􀟈  Test "the halt test reads only fields Proctor writes" started.
􀟈  Test "a run with the panel switched off still runs, and the health report says why" started.
􀟈  Test "two macOS guests attach; the third waits rather than being refused" started.
􀟈  Test "every failure reduces to failed" started.
􀟈  Test "an attach that starts a guest and then fails stops it again" started.
􀟈  Test "the refusal lands on the first step that never ran, and names a person" started.
􀟈  Test "positions renumber from one, so a drop leaves no gap" started.
􀟈  Test "two records with no run identifier stay two runs, not one" started.
􀟈  Test "cloning a guest that holds a slot is refused, with the reason" started.
􀟈  Test "two releases racing across an await still decrement the pool once" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the extra's own three wordings are the three that differ" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest another session holds is waited for, never taken" started.
􀟈  Test "a queued attach carries position and depth when it gives up" started.
􀟈  Test "the holder's idle ceiling is its own, not the queue's wait limit" started.
􀟈  Test "a stop with no step left to refuse simply lets the run complete" started.
􀟈  Test "a minted token carries a non-empty secret" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · the permissions section has no branch for an unreachable agent" started.
􀟈  Test "releasing twice decrements the pool once" started.
􀟈  Test "a pause holds the run and lets it carry on when it is resumed" started.
􀟈  Test "a halt is recorded alongside the step it interrupted, like any other refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the window reads the agent's payload through named constants" started.
􀟈  Test "a token is valid before its expiry and invalid after, like the unlock turn" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing permission outranks the character" started.
􀟈  Test "with the panel on, the health report says whether it is actually on screen" started.
􀟈  Test "cloning a guest nobody holds still works" started.
􀟈  Test "detach reports whether the guest actually stopped, not what it intended" started.
􀟈  Test "an answer arriving after the bound is picked up by the next call" started.
􀟈  Test "a scoped token authorizes only its own bundle id; nil scope authorizes any" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · the agent-down block is what draws while a grant is being applied" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every named command id resolves, and title returns the catalogue's" started.
􀟈  Test "doctor reports Obscura and leaves readiness alone" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the agent's own writers reach the same constants" started.
􀟈  Test "a run refused at its first repeat throws rather than reporting an empty measurement" started.
􀟈  Test "a slot nobody frees is reaped by the next caller" started.
􀟈  Test "a straggler's abandon does not count against a later attempt" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · the Tools card names Copy.toolsNote, and no view draws the twin" started.
􀟈  Test "the pool honours the per-session waiting cap" started.
􀟈  Test "the steps already done are still reported alongside the refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "a definite answer resets the backoff" started.
􀟈  Test "a permitted replay writes one trail entry per step, named as a replay" started.
􀟈  Test "a wedged probe does not hold the slot forever" started.
􀟈  Test "a slot whose holder went away is reclaimed, and the guest it started is stopped" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the scene names have one definition, not four" started.
􀟈  Test "neither new source turns a Maestro command into an actuation step" started.
􀟈  Test "the pool report says capacity, who holds what, and how many wait" started.
􀟈  Test "the cloud analysis flag is never constructed" started.
􀟈  Test "a straggler does not free a later attempt's slot" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest that vanished releases the slot and names the disappearance" started.
􀟈  Test "a provider that is gone is a vanish, not an all-clear" started.
􀟈  Test "a waiter can read an answer that landed while it was waiting" started.
􀟈  Test "a release reports its own outcome, not the last release anywhere in the agent" started.
􀟈  Test "a definite answer is cached for the life of the process" started.
􀟈  Test "a caller arriving inside the bound joins rather than starting a second probe" started.
􀟈  Test "a link failure over a guest that went away names the disappearance, not the tunnel" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal outranks a plain success" started.
􀟈  Test "an adjacent workspace config is found beside a flow, and its absence is not an error" started.
􀟈  Test "the run's span comes from its records" started.
􀟈  Test "a record nested below the debug directory is still found" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every shortcut is written with the named glyphs and one key" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the log line reads exactly as it did before the move" started.
􀟈  Test "the retry backs off, and is capped" started.
􀟈  Test "a working agent shows the character in the run's own state" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the tools note states that Proctor installs nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a live peer keeps its slot" started.
􀟈  Test "with Maestro absent the action refuses without handing over a command" started.
􀟈  Test "the flow action is in the catalogue and carries what it does not prove" started.
􀟈  Test "a bar that did not move did not scroll" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the window names its copy rather than quoting it" started.
􀟈  Test "an attached session polling a host-only tool is not treated as idle" started.
􀟈  Test "a scroll bar moves by lines per page fraction, and stops at the ends" started.
􀟈  Test "only a granted state counts as confirmed" started.
􀟈  Test "several waiters giving up on one probe count as one attempt" started.
􀟈  Test "reading the pool runs no provider, so a health check still costs no VM" started.
􀟈  Test "Maestro's own configuration is read and never written" started.
􀟈  Test "Stop acts on the run the panel is showing, and never on the next one" started.
􀟈  Test "a write is judged by reading it back" started.
􀟈  Test "line height and lines per page derivation" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the menu bar's lines read exactly as they did before the move" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the copy a person reads is here, not in a view body" started.
􀟈  Test "only one concurrent caller is told to start" started.
􀟈  Test "the entry cap rotates the trail" started.
􀟈  Test "a run left paused for ever gives up, and says a pause did it rather than a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a skeleton is the height of the row it stands in for" started.
􀟈  Test "the Maestro lane registers no actuation backend" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the list of copy is the whole of the copy" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · every state resolves to a section list, and only ready and partial are full" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · identifiers are unique and namespaced" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the state mapping is a decision, not a view-body branch" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · a switch row's identifier is derived from its variable, so a rename is a red test" started.
􀟈  Test "the short listing measured on Parallels 26.4.0" started.
􀟈  Test "a directory with no record reads as a driver failure rather than an empty run" started.
􀟈  Test "the bound is shorter than the window's doctor poll" started.
􀟈  Test "the full-screen statement cannot be raised from here" started.
􀟈  Test "a Linux Parallels guest is delegated" started.
􀟈  Test "the info listing uses ID / Name / State / OS" started.
􀟈  Test "every grant the report carries is a permission, on either kind of Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · unconfirmed and unavailable are different answers and are drawn differently" started.
􀟈  Test "a run's own line is fenced the way every other object on the panel is" started.
􀟈  Test "a caller arriving past the bound answers now and starts nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "only known running words count as running" started.
􀟈  Test "the drawn pointer cannot be raised from here" started.
􀟈  Test "the control: an unconfirmed answer is not frozen, so the instrument can report the other outcome" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed answer is never cached" started.
􀟈  Test "the fact itself survives — the boolean still carries it" started.
􀟈  Test "no report files the Shortcuts CLI under grants, on a Mac that lacks it" started.
􀟈  Test "a session already on a guest is not refused here" started.
􀟈  Test "the phase is reduced with no panel anywhere" started.
􀟈  Test "the input block cannot be armed from here" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every string the window can say is enumerable, and none is a duplicate" started.
􀟈  Test "darwin is macOS, not Windows — the substring trap, pinned" started.
􀟈  Test "a takeover batch with a guest configured refuses the host and names it" started.
􀟈  Test "the switch starts where the environment put it" started.
􀟈  Test "hiding takes effect at once, and showing brings it back" started.
􀟈  Test "the configured name is the trimmed environment value" started.
􀟈  Test "Show is refused, with its reason, where no click could be delivered" started.
􀟈  Test "attach has no page to route on, so it never reaches the second lane" started.
􀟈  Test "linux words are recognised, and a dash is not a guess" started.
􀟈  Test "a listing that names Windows is windows, even when the name is noisy" started.
􀟈  Test "no new tool verb, and the doctor output schema documents the new fields" started.
􀟈  Test "a macOS guest is native; anything else is delegated" started.
􀟈  Test "macOS guests are recognised by family and by release name" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary page never reaches the second lane, whatever is installed" started.
􀟈  Test "a doctor call re-probes both and writes through to what the handoffs read" started.
􀟈  Test "a Safari window with Obscura gone is told Obscura is gone, not handed a Chromium agent" started.
􀟈  Test "a full pool queues rather than stopping anybody's guest" started.
􀟈  Test "a reply that names no machine gains none" started.
􀟈  Test "the audit trail names the flow and its repeats apart from every drive path" started.
􀟈  Test "the whole doctor result carries no install command for either tool" started.
􀟈  Test "recording an unconfirmed answer does nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "this process has not claimed to be the agent" started.
􀟈  Test "doctor reports the frozen value, so the freeze reaches a person" started.
􀟈  Test "a give-up count below one is refused rather than making every restart instant" started.
􀟈  Test "with the applying state gone, the same unreachable agent draws the red" started.
􀟈  Test "a settled watch is not reopened by a later probe" started.
􀟈  Test "the give-up counts probes rather than elapsed time" started.
􀟈  Test "with the variable unset the wire never carries the name" started.
􀟈  Test "a restart that never comes back is abandoned and the agent is reported down" started.
􀟈  Test "a second restart is not judged on the first one's probes" started.
􀟈  Test "Every other variable passes through untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "a web area that only appears mid-flow still classifies the step that met it" started.
􀟈  Test "the guest calling itself the host is corrected to name the guest" started.
􀟈  Test "Saving a drawing switch off writes an off-value rather than removing the key" started.
􀟈  Test "a granted answer is frozen: the platform says denied and the probe still says granted" started.
􀟈  Test "A saved preference reaches each original reader unchanged" started.
􀟈  Test "doctor reports both tools, the lane's state, and never lets either touch ready" started.
􀟈  Test "a browser sweep that never touched the page carries no page disclosure" started.
􀟈  Test "Declining a capability removes it, so no reader can see it set" started.
􀟈  Test "a page-content sweep still scores and still returns a determinism verdict" started.
􀟈  Test "An environment value survives the fold, so precedence holds downstream" started.
􀟈  Test "a restart that outlives 1.2 s never draws the agent-down state" started.
􀟈  Test "the 1.2-second beat before the first probe is not raised" started.
􀟈  Test "the four verbs the window calls are the four the agent routes" started.
􀟈  Test "a window no browser renders carries no subject and is never asked for web content" started.
􀟈  Test "a step naming no resolvable target is unclassified rather than absent" started.
􀟈  Test "the activity feed carries the keys the menu bar reads out of it" started.
􀟈  Test "a flow touching chrome and then the page reports both, by step index" started.
􀟈  Test "a suspected no-op the tree contradicts stays a success" started.
􀟈  Test "the withheld reading is still on the step it was taken for" started.
􀟈  Test "a session built without a backend actuates through the native planes" started.
􀟈  Test "an enabled lane reaches the encoded JSON of a page result with its reason" started.
􀟈  Test "an escalation nobody asked for is reported as one" started.
􀟈  Test "the entry's instability is the number the legacy array carries" started.
􀟈  Test "a dirty rect that only overlaps contributes its intersection" started.
􀟈  Test "the run panel's payload carries exactly the keys the window reads" started.
􀟈  Test "overlapping dirty rects are not double counted" started.
􀟈  Test "an unproven plane makes the run say so" started.
􀟈  Test "repeats that disagree about the boundary report both, rather than the first" started.
􀟈  Test "an indeterminate step is the last result in its repeat" started.
􀟈  Test "unset, or a batch that would not take the Mac, stays on the host" started.
􀟈  Test "a dirty rect outside the region contributes nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the two probes are cached independently and expire on their own terms" started.
􀟈  Test "the wire shape carries everything the menu bar needs and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "the native lane still refuses a background click" started.
􀟈  Test "lanes are untouched by the grants partition" started.
􀟈  Test "a source pid of zero can never be admitted, whatever the set contains" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the agent-down state draws the notice and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "Proctor stands down when it cannot be, because that is the half it can enforce" started.
􀟈  Test "probes arriving when no restart was asked for are not counted" started.
􀟈  Test "a dirty rect inside the region contributes all of itself" started.
􀟈  Test "a dirty rect covering the region reads as fully dirty" started.
􀟈  Test "an event with no readable source is still not ours" started.
􀟈  Test "the delegating driver's own events pass" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's click on Stop still ends the run on the first press" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver's message is attributed and quoted rather than presented as Proctor's" started.
􀟈  Test "with no delegated identity the pass rule is byte-identical to before" started.
􀟈  Test "touching edges do not overlap" started.
􀟈  Test "an older agent's Shortcuts CLI row does not reach the readiness pane" started.
􀟈  Test "a backend that can click in the background is allowed to" started.
􀟈  Test "the native lane always draws Proctor's own pointer" started.
􀟈  Test "a message that cleans away to nothing falls through rather than printing an attribution" started.
􀟈  Test "a recognised driver's click passes before the Stop rectangle is consulted" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver's own event is not a person, so it cannot hold the run" started.
􀟈  Test "a background-capable batch does not announce that it took the machine" started.
􀟈  Test "a suspected no-op with an unchanged state fails the step" started.
􀟈  Test "a build that says nothing about its cursor fails closed" started.
􀟈  Test "without the identity the same click stops the run, which is the defect" started.
􀟈  Test "a region with no area is unmeasurable, not quiet" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated batch says which lane it is, on one row, in one sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "Proctor draws when the driver can be asked to stand down" started.
􀟈  Test "the cursor stand-down is asked for on every act, not assumed from the probe" started.
􀟈  Test "no dirty rects at all is a measured zero" started.
􀟈  Test "the native lane's wording is unchanged in every phrasing" started.
􀟈  Test "changed durations and timestamps do not diverge — measured 634/91/88/96/91 ms" started.
􀟈  Test "a pid that does not corroborate is treated as no pid at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a build that says it can stand down is taken at its word for the pointer" started.
􀟈  Test "the lane names itself" started.
􀟈  Test "a record with no commands is a parse failure, not an empty run" started.
􀟈  Test "Escape and the panic chords are unaffected by the widening" started.
􀟈  Test "a long message is cut at a diagnostic length, not at the HUD's line cap" started.
􀟈  Test "an unvouchable hash never reaches the score, and is kept on the step" started.
􀟈  Test "the cut cannot split a grapheme cluster" started.
􀟈  Test "a build that does not say whether it can stand down fails closed" started.
􀟈  Test "an app that went away outranks a failed assertion" started.
􀟈  Test "exit 1 with a failed app command is a flow failure, not a driver one" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver that reports no pid at all is simply unrecognised, never a refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "a changed status diverges at that command's position" started.
􀟈  Test "the absence message explains without handing over a command to run" started.
􀟈  Test "a keyboard remapper's pid is still held, which is the hole this must not open" started.
􀟈  Test "Maestro's own failing record carries the error and its hierarchy" started.
􀟈  Test "the kernel, launchd and the agent itself are protected" started.
􀟈  Test "markup, newlines and control characters do not survive the fencing" started.
􀟈  Test "name matching is case-insensitive and honours exact vs substring" started.
􀟈  Test "a query selects by pid, by bundle id and by name, each on its own" started.
􀟈  Test "a pid the driver claims is recognised only when the process corroborates" started.
􀟈  Test "a liveness channel that stopped answering is the device, not the app" started.
􀟈  Test "a harness-only failure is a driver failure, not the app's" started.
􀟈  Test "parameter canonicalisation is key-order independent" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver's quotation cannot close the one around it and append a clause" started.
􀟈  Test "the invocation flattens its debug output and never asks for the cloud" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty query names nothing, never everything" started.
􀟈  Test "identical exit codes, opposite verdicts — the record is the discriminator" started.
􀟈  Test "both observed record filenames are found, and nothing else is" started.
􀟈  Test "a run carries the bundle id, never the session handle" started.
􀟈  Test "identical repeats fold to deterministic" started.
􀟈  Test "an error message never enters the score" started.
􀟈  Test "a single repeat cannot be deterministic" started.
􀟈  Test "the reply decodes into the report type the window reads" started.
􀟈  Test "a harness failure alongside an app failure stays the app's" started.
􀟈  Test "killing reuses the policy gate: block wins, allow-list fails closed, sensitive needs a token" started.
􀟈  Test "a held slot shows up in the reply, named by guest and by session" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal carries the driver's words attributed, not as Proctor's own sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "a timeout is a driver failure and says so" started.
􀟈  Test "an all-accessibility delegated batch still says the lane may take the front" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility run raises nothing and arms nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the partition is the window's rule rather than a second opinion about which is which" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_policy status still answers in full" started.
􀟈  Test "the policy block on the wire carries posture, never rules" started.
􀟈  Test "no per-command record is a driver failure, whatever the exit code said" started.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar set is a second size, not a second character" started.
􀟈  Test "every picture is one square footprint at its density" started.
􀟈  Test "Maestro's own passing record parses in sequence order, with injected commands marked" started.
􀟈  Test "a recommendation that cannot be recorded never fails the call carrying it" started.
􀟈  Test "a clean run is flowPassed and claims only what the driver reported" started.
􀟈  Test "both of Proctor's bundle identifiers count as Proctor-owned" started.
􀟈  Test "a repeat of the same advice is the same act, and is recorded once" started.
􀟈  Test "not looking and finding nothing are different answers" started.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar item is 22 points" started.
􀟈  Test "an opaque single-colour frame is content, not a defect" started.
􀟈  Test "an app-level handoff with no address at all records no scheme" started.
􀟈  Test "a kill audit record names the target and outcome and sets no secret slot" started.
􀟈  Test "a change of scheme records again" started.
􀟈  Test "a different label at the same place is a disagreement" started.
􀟈  Test "the entry is an advisory, not an actuation, and carries no sentence from the handoff" started.
􀟈  Test "every picture the frame table names ships at every density" started.
􀟈  Test "two identical buttons under the same parent refuse rather than guess" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test "naming a lane writes one entry carrying the tool, the browser, the lane and the rule" started.
􀟈  Test "a pair separable only by position is refused, not resolved by the position" started.
􀟈  Test "no panel standing means no screen names one" started.
􀟈  Test "a changed command parameter diverges, because identity is not the type alone" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty frame over a foreign window reports what was measured" started.
􀟈  Test "the tint sits below the run panel, so Pause and Stop stay visible" started.
􀟈  Test "a unique chain matches" started.
􀟈  Test "Reduce Motion drops the fades and Reduce Transparency plates the label" started.
􀟈  Test "a truncated view can never say absent" started.
􀟈  Test "two observers describing the same element agree" started.
􀟈  Test "the default is the panel's own screen, so an unaware caller overclaims nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "no display attached means no screen names one" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that only might need the front announces nothing until one does" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch with a certainly synthetic step announces itself before it runs" started.
􀟈  Test "a candidate somewhere else on screen is a disagreement" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel's screen is the one holding most of it" started.
􀟈  Test "a hold nobody fought does not claim somebody fought it" started.
􀟈  Test "the screen holding the panel is told about the panel" started.
􀟈  Test "a chain deeper than the candidate's ancestry is a different element" started.
􀟈  Test "a complete view with no match says the element is absent" started.
􀟈  Test "the write is watched: every path it creates is recorded, and each is 0600" started.
􀟈  Test "a half install is unusable and names the missing companion" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility batch never draws it" started.
􀟈  Test "two OK buttons under different parents are told apart by their ancestry" started.
􀟈  Test "a held keyboard says Esc on every display, because Esc is not on one" started.
􀟈  Test "an arming is bounded by the step's own duration and by a ceiling" started.
􀟈  Test "a handoff that names no lane records nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "an unmeasured frame is untrustworthy with a reason, not untrustworthy in silence" started.
􀟈  Test "the overlay is on by default and the block is off by default" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that showed but held nothing says which of the two it was" started.
􀟈  Test "the report reaches the wire, and is absent from a result that never drew" started.
􀟈  Test "the held duration is milliseconds over a thousand, to one decimal" started.
􀟈  Test "a refused preflight reports the stage it refused at, and is not repeated" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty frame over a Proctor-owned window states the exclusion" started.
􀟈  Test "supplied conditions combine as a conjunction, narrowing the match" started.
􀟈  Test "an inert foreground request draws nothing, because it takes nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the application's own name is fenced, and its absence is not a hole" started.
􀟈  Test "a located tool never reports that nothing is known about it" started.
􀟈  Test "a correctly signed driver is unconfirmed, not usable, and says what is missing" started.
􀟈  Test "presence is not enough for the driver, and an unchecked signature says so" started.
􀟈  Test "one interruption reads as once, and two as a count" started.
􀟈  Test "the modifier flags are distinct bits, so no chord can stand in for another" started.
􀟈  Test "the label claims a hold only while one is armed" started.
􀟈  Test "the tint never takes a click and never enters a capture" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that held the machine says for how long and how often it was fought" started.
􀟈  Test "only the run's controls need a run" started.
􀟈  Test "a CHANGELOG section with a heading and nothing under it fails" started.
􀟈  Test "no part of the address is recorded, whatever the page" started.
􀟈  Test "overrides an operator set are named in the row" started.
􀟈  Test "a heading that only matches as a regex is not this version's section" started.
􀟈  Test "an element with no geometry on either side is not a disagreement" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that drew nothing says nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a sentinel commit is never also dirty" started.
􀟈  Test "a tool that is not there is unusable, and the evidence says absent" started.
􀟈  Test "a version off the install layout is reported as the layout's claim" started.
􀟈  Test "the doctor reply carries the guest pool: capacity, held and waiting" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the running program draws what the renderer produces, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test "a screen without the panel is sent to the menu bar instead" started.
􀟈  Test "presence settles the tools Proctor only ever calls as a one-shot" started.
􀟈  Test "inspect refuses with its own code rather than returning a shape" started.
􀟈  Test "the generator writes the commit of the checkout it was handed" started.
􀟈  Test "the liveness reads answer nil rather than guessing" started.
􀟈  Test "the generator tells a dirty tree from a clean one" started.
􀟈  Test "a captured identity does not change when the file on disk is replaced" started.
􀟈  Test "an ad-hoc or wrongly signed driver is unusable and will not be run" started.
􀟈  Test "outside a git checkout the commit is unknown and everything else is real" started.
􀟈  Test "a long section passes rather than tripping on a broken pipe" started.
􀟈  Test "the halt names the act and not a surface that may not have been used" started.
􀟈  Test "the compiled version is a real release line, not a placeholder" started.
􀟈  Test "the compiled commit is a real commit, not a sentinel or a stub" started.
􀟈  Test "a dirty tree is not the commit it was built from" started.
􀟈  Test "checkedAt travels with the verdict" started.
􀟈  Test "parsing is forgiving about case and space and strict about the rest" started.
􀟈  Test "a tag, a version and real notes that agree pass" started.
􀟈  Test "Stop from a supervision client sets the latch the run loop reads" started.
􀟈  Test "the generator leaves no temporary file for the compiler to pick up" started.
􀟈  Test "a tag missing its v prefix fails rather than passing on a technicality" started.
􀟈  Test "debug and release are not the same program" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · and at the 80x24 floor, where a wide glyph would have torn a border" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated run never joins the declaration protocol" started.
􀟈  Test "a completed preflight is the only thing that makes the driver confirmed usable" started.
􀟈  Test "running the generator twice does not rewrite the file" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing read from a file can escape into the generated Swift" started.
􀟈  Test "two commits are two descriptors" started.
􀟈  Test "the words are the run's, never the queue's" started.
􀟈  Test "a version with no CHANGELOG section fails" started.
􀟈  Test "the generator writes an identity even when it can read nothing at all" started.
􀟈  Test "the descriptor is never empty, whatever the inputs" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated batch whose driver reported no pid takes the exclusive lane" started.
􀟈  Test "the measured healthy report shows the idle character" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver that reported no pid is outstanding but never recognised" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver's pid is recognised while its call is in flight" started.
􀟈  Test "builtAt reads a named file's date, and is nil when it cannot" started.
􀟈  Test "Automation ungranted is not what takes the character away" started.
􀟈  Test "each required grant, missing on its own, takes it" started.
􀟈  Test "two calls on one driver are retained, so the first to end does not drop it" started.
􀟈  Test "a run Proctor drew for carries no pointer field at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a repository git cannot answer for reads unavailable, not unknown" started.
􀟈  Test "an escalation the batch did not ask for is flagged" started.
􀟈  Test "the running executable resolves to a real path" started.
􀟈  Test "a swallow during a delegated call is never reported as a person" started.
􀟈  Test "a panel off every screen is placed on the nearest, as the panel itself is" started.
􀟈  Test "two builds of one clean commit are one program, separated only by when" started.
􀟈  Test "a concurrent native poster's declaration survives a whole delegated batch" started.
􀟈  Test "the delivery mode is requested explicitly on every call" started.
􀟈  Test "the suppression covers a recognised driver too, not only an unrecognised one" started.
􀟈  Test "releasing twice is a no-op, so a ceiling and a release cannot both account for a call" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility action reports the accessibility plane" started.
􀟈  Test "secure event input makes ready false, and gets its own symbol anyway" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver that dies mid-step is a refusal, not a change of plane" started.
􀟈  Test "a package path containing spaces is handled" started.
􀟈  Test "a report naming no required grants is not a report saying they are granted" started.
􀟈  Test "a tag naming a different version than the app fails" started.
􀟈  Test "the native lane's own lane demand is untouched by any of this" started.
􀟈  Test "an element that moved between the look and the strike refuses" started.
􀟈  Test "membership outlives the call by the grace, so a gesture's tail is not stripped" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that resolves on the second look records that it retried" started.
􀟈  Test "steps that never actuated do not make a same-lane tape look mixed" started.
􀟈  Test "a call that never ends expires at the ceiling rather than leaking forever" started.
􀟈  Test "a hostile driver message cannot change the line the panel shows" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated run whose driver cannot stand down records that Proctor stood down" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated batch whose driver is recognised shares the machine as before" started.
􀟈  Test "two identical candidates refuse rather than picking one" started.
􀟈  Test "a vocabulary this build cannot map refuses at the gate" started.
􀟈  Test "an unsupported version can be forced, and forcing is stamped" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 1: Full native testing campaign (attach -> snapshot -> find -> act -> assert -> capture)" started.
􀟈  Test "a pixel path is background-safe and still the least durable evidence" started.
􀟈  Test "a reported pid of zero or Proctor's own is refused and reads as unrecognised" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing binary refuses without pretending it could be installed" started.
􀟈  Test "a step with no equivalent is refused, never handed to the native planes" started.
􀟈  Test "With neither source, every switch falls to its built-in default" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 2: Flow recording, replay, and determinism stability scoring" started.
􀟈  Test "an unrecognised path is unknown, never a guess" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 6: Menu-bar key equivalents, keyboard shortcuts, and modifier reconstruction" started.
􀟈  Test "an element the driver cannot see refuses, with no coordinate substituted" started.
􀟈  Test "a truncated view refuses as ambiguous rather than as absent" started.
􀟈  Test "A saved preference is used when the environment is silent, and does not lock" started.
􀟈  Test "an act result names the lane that drove it" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 7: iOS companion device management, deep-link dispatch, and Maestro runner lifecycle" started.
􀟈  Test "a foreground path is the shared stream, whatever else it is called" started.
􀟈  Test "an unsupported version refuses before any step" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 4: Visual UI, geometry, and accessibility audit (frame, alignment, contrast, hit size, focus order, and tri-observer agree)" started.
􀟈  Test "the delegated lane is entered only by asking for it by name" started.
􀟈  Test "a run in which nothing actuated still names the lane that refused it" started.
􀟈  Test "a legitimate multi-step tape on the same lane replays" started.
􀟈  Test "each signature failure says which one it was" started.
􀟈  Test "a window on another Space refuses by name, because this lane cannot reach it" started.
􀟈  Test "No capability switch ever reports itself locked, under any combination" started.
􀟈  Test "Off wins from either source for a capability switch, and it never locks" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 3: Multi-witness tiers, auto-route refusal, and handle namespace defense" started.
􀟈  Test "a session keeps the lane it was built with, whatever the environment does after" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated run names the delegated lane" started.
􀟈  Test "an element replaced by a different one is not there, rather than moved" started.
􀟈  Test "no expectation is skipped, and still reports what it observed" started.
􀟈  Test "a background click reaches the routed-event plane" started.
􀟈  Test "an alias passes and is reported as the physical word" started.
􀟈  Test "every actuated step reports the lane the run reports" started.
􀟈  Test "The pairing warning rides on the capability's own state" started.
􀟈  Test "a determinism report is labelled with the session's own lane" started.
􀟈  Test "a step naming no element needs no snapshot at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a driver that says it is unhealthy refuses, and its own word is the reason" started.
􀟈  Test "a placement that cannot be read back is not a placement" started.
􀟈  Test "the dimmed pointer is still legible" started.
􀟈  Test "a compact container still decides, by nearest fit" started.
􀟈  Test "Every switch appears, in catalogue order, with its source and timing" started.
􀟈  Test "a tape recorded on the other lane refuses" started.
􀟈  Test "a container given as a rectangle is measured against directly" started.
􀟈  Test "a window with no frame and no container given is skipped" started.
􀟈  Test "a tape whose later steps were recorded on another lane refuses" started.
􀟈  Test "trailing is accepted for the right edge, closing the shipped asymmetry" started.
􀟈  Test "resolveAll returns every switch in catalogue order" started.
􀟈  Test "an element that fills its container is skipped rather than resolved by precedence" started.
􀟈  Test "the container hint is absent when a container was supplied" started.
􀟈  Test "with no container the window frame is used, and the outcome says so" started.
􀟈  Test "a container that was asked for and has no frame is skipped, not answered" started.
􀟈  Test "a binary that is not signed by the expected identity is refused, not run" started.
􀟈  Test "An ordinary switch takes the environment over a saved preference, and locks" started.
􀟈  Test "E2E Journey 5: High-resolution zoom & region crop visual fidelity inspection" started.
􀟈  Test "An environment off-value beats an on preference" started.
􀟈  Test "the default container is lossless, because a lossy default would trade text for bytes nobody is billed for" started.
􀟈  Test "an unmeasurable container is skipped rather than classified against" started.
􀟈  Test "a registry merge that drops a key is caught" started.
􀟈  Test "the written file's extension matches what was written into it" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame that cannot be measured horizontally is skipped, not classified" started.
􀟈  Test "a second button's press is tracked separately" started.
􀟈  Test "a wrong-but-known placement says what it is instead, without the container advice" started.
􀟈  Test "a container that resolves is what the placement is measured in" started.
􀟈  Test "the mutation runner leaves closure shorthand alone" started.
􀟈  Test "the up that stops the run is swallowed rather than delivered" started.
􀟈  Test "the campaign instruments pass, and the run says how many checks it made" started.
􀟈  Test "a click that never touched the button is swallowed, exactly as before" started.
􀟈  Test "either source field alone is enough for our own click to pass" started.
􀟈  Test "a rectangle that arrives between the down and the up cannot invent a press" started.
􀟈  Test "a reset forgets a pending press, so nothing carries into the next run" started.
􀟈  Test "the default tolerance is one point, the same as every other geometry kind" started.
􀟈  Test "our own click passes and is never read as a press" started.
􀟈  Test "with no rectangle published nothing can stop the run by mouse" started.
􀟈  Test "start / stop / clone use the published verbs and then re-read" started.
􀟈  Test "a lume that rejects every spelling reports lume's own words" started.
􀟈  Test "the rectangle is not consulted at all while one of our posts is in flight" started.
􀟈  Test "a half install is available and says what is missing beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "a launchd PATH still finds a Homebrew install" started.
􀟈  Test "a subject exposing no frame is skipped" started.
􀟈  Test "a tape recorded before backends existed replays without complaint" started.
􀟈  Test "a word outside the vocabulary is skipped with the list, not failed" started.
􀟈  Test "a lume that only knows --format json is listed, not reported missing" started.
􀟈  Test "~ is expanded from the supplied home and never survives into the search list" started.
􀟈  Test "the spellings a caller actually types all parse, and an unknown one is refused rather than guessed" started.
􀟈  Test "install commands are architecture-specific and land both executables together" started.
􀟈  Test "PATH is searched before the explicit list, and the found path is reported" started.
􀟈  Test "a complete install wins over an earlier incomplete one" started.
􀟈  Test "a candidate the predicate rejects is skipped and the search continues" started.
􀟈  Test "the absence carries no shell command anywhere in it" started.
􀟈  Test "the host itself is refused — there is nothing to forward onto" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's press on Stop ends the run, and it is decided on the up" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty host is refused; a supplied socket is honoured" started.
􀟈  Test "an up away from the button is a cancel, and is still swallowed" started.
􀟈  Test "a native macOS guest produces a StreamLocal recipe" started.
􀟈  Test "a post beginning mid-click does not lose the press" started.
􀟈  Test "the encoded recipe never carries a shell command" started.
􀟈  Test "quoted values are unwrapped" started.
􀟈  Test "a blocked declared app refuses the flow" started.
􀟈  Test "an interpolated openLink is opaque rather than collected" started.
􀟈  Test "a custom failure carries every offset and, against the window, the fix" started.
􀟈  Test "a config.yaml beside the flow is scanned with it" started.
􀟈  Test "an openLink URL is collected for device resolution, not read from the file" started.
􀟈  Test "the app a device resolves an openLink to is gated, even when the flow declares another" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty policy runs the flow and reports the construct instead" started.
􀟈  Test "a runFlow include is followed and its apps are gated with the parent's" started.
􀟈  Test "the header appId and a different launchApp target are both collected" started.
􀟈  Test "an unresolvable link is refused under an allow list" started.
􀟈  Test "a page Obscura could not open anyway gains no absence" started.
􀟈  Test "an interpolated app id is an opaque target" started.
􀟈  Test "include cycles and runaway nesting terminate" started.
􀟈  Test "list asks lume 0.5.x first, then the older spellings" started.
􀟈  Test "an app id under a key the scan does not model is collected anyway" started.
􀟈  Test "an unresolvable construct is refused under an allow list, a block list or the sensitive set" started.
􀟈  Test "a window with no correlated id is marked rather than trusted" started.
􀟈  Test "both detail levels carry the same absence" started.
􀟈  Test "a present tool changes nothing at all" started.
􀟈  Test "PROCTOR_YIELD resolves exactly as ContentionMonitor reads it" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing tool drops the recommendation, keeps the URL, and says why" started.
􀟈  Test "PROCTOR_YIELD_INPUT resolves exactly as ContentionMonitor reads it" started.
􀟈  Test "A7 · the surface reads the wire and holds nothing, so it needs no grant" started.
􀟈  Test "A saved off removes PROCTOR_YIELD_INPUT from what the monitor reads" started.
􀟈  Test "a script is reported as a capability, not as an unresolved app id" started.
􀟈  Test "an allow list judges the ios-qualified key, never the bare bundle id" started.
􀟈  Test "A saved off leaves PROCTOR_YIELD present and off for the monitor" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · an agent that answers but is too old is a different state, with a different remedy" started.
􀟈  Test "every pane is one keystroke away, so a person is never more than one from Stop" started.
􀟈  Test "a space before the colon does not hide a key" started.
􀟈  Test "a sensitive declared app needs a token" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · a command that cannot act is dimmed, never absent" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · Stop is offered on every pane a run can be running under" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing yet is 'connecting', which is not the same as nothing there" started.
􀟈  Test "an app-level handoff with no window discloses the absence too" started.
􀟈  Test "a free lane reads as a dash rather than as zero seconds waited" started.
􀟈  Test "a held run says who is holding it, in Proctor's own words" started.
􀟈  Test "a comment does not contribute, and a file name is not a bundle id" started.
􀟈  Test "menu-bar items take title case, which is the sourced convention" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · shortcuts are unique across the whole surface" started.
􀟈  Test "every lane carries a fail-closed boolean that agrees with its state" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · the panel switch needs an agent launched with the panel enabled" started.
􀟈  Test "a denied grant makes the Mac lane unavailable" started.
􀟈  Test "every menu has commands and every command lands in one" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the design's floor is the one that still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the kill switch is reachable from every surface that has one" started.
􀟈  Test "the Mac lane needs no tool at all, only its grants" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · an unreachable agent names the reason and offers the remedy as a key" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · every command offered anywhere also exists in the menu bar" started.
􀟈  Test "selecting the lane changes the note, not the verdict" started.
􀟈  Test "quality is clamped into the band where UI text survives, and defaults inside it" started.
􀟈  Test "a grant that is not required cannot break a lane" started.
􀟈  Test "YAML constructs a line scan cannot follow are reported rather than scanned past" started.
􀟈  Test "the cua lane is unconfirmed when the driver is there but nothing established it" started.
􀟈  Test "every command has an id, a title and a menu, and ids are unique" started.
􀟈  Test "each signal appears only when it was available" started.
􀟈  Test "Maestro's absence is a note on the iOS lane, never a blocker" started.
􀟈  Test "the client blocks by default, because a tool call is not a poll" started.
􀟈  Test "quiet cannot be claimed over no signals at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a payload containing newlines survives, which newline framing would not" started.
􀟈  Test "the browser lane follows Obscura, and names browser-use only when the operator did" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant makes the Mac lane unconfirmed, never unavailable" started.
􀟈  Test "a round trip preserves the request" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing guest is refused by name" started.
􀟈  Test "the switch reading is unchanged, so this is a second term and not a new default" started.
􀟈  Test "the pane you are on is the only one in upper case, which survives losing colour" started.
􀟈  Test "an entitled process still honours the switch" started.
􀟈  Test "dropping the pixel signal changes what the verdict is over" started.
􀟈  Test "the applier a client gets by default really sets the bound on the socket" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing found reports everywhere it looked, in order and without repeats" started.
􀟈  Test "activate always takes the global lane, because it changes what is in front" started.
􀟈  Test "it also takes the app lane when the target is already attached" started.
􀟈  Test "an unattached target takes no app lane rather than a key from another space" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing tool row is unavailable rather than unconfirmed" started.
􀟈  Test "a leaf carries its shortcut decomposed for the act key step" started.
􀟈  Test "a socket that is never going to answer is bounded once a caller asks" started.
􀟈  Test "a partial frame yields nothing until it completes" started.
􀟈  Test "a parent menu is a row with a submenu and no shortcut" started.
􀟈  Test "separators are dropped, not emitted as blank rows" started.
􀟈  Test "a denial outranks a non-answer" started.
􀟈  Test "it contends with a batch driving the same app, which is the point" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_menu is advertised, read-only, non-destructive and idempotent" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue tells a caller that activate can now wait" started.
􀟈  Test "an include Proctor cannot read is an opaque target, not an error" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · a frame that stopped arriving is reported stale, not drawn as current" started.
􀟈  Test "a Linux guest is refused, and so is a delegated macOS one" started.
􀟈  Test "a virtual keycode resolves to its key name" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant does not wear the missing-permission triangle" started.
􀟈  Test "command is implied unless the no-command bit is set" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing about the third state disturbs a healthy Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "a character equivalent normalises cmd-first and lowercased" started.
􀟈  Test "every kind has a past form, so no trail row can fall back to a raw kind name" started.
􀟈  Test "no resolvable key means no shortcut, whatever the modifiers say" started.
􀟈  Test "a lazily-populated submenu is one row and its contents are not fabricated" started.
􀟈  Test "the answer the old question misdirected from is still said, in its own sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant still takes the character off the menu bar" started.
􀟈  Test "the question form survives nowhere in the shipped sources" started.
􀟈  Test "the two surfaces offer the same words for the same control" started.
􀟈  Test "the button names the destination and asks nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "permission keys Proctor does not recognise are dropped and counted" started.
􀟈  Test "a session that keeps queueing is refused rather than allowed to starve the others" started.
􀟈  Test "giving up says the machine was busy and where the call stood" started.
􀟈  Test "a target nobody can see gets no pointer at all" started.
􀟈  Test "an unknown tool falls back to an open object rather than nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a bespoke schema documents the tool's own fields" started.
􀟈  Test "two frames in one read are both recovered" started.
􀟈  Test "a correlated window that is on screen gets the pointer in its own plane" started.
􀟈  Test "no panel and no resolved target both mean do not step aside" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant outranks a locked keyboard" started.
􀟈  Test "a step naming nothing has no object, so a pause says so rather than trailing off" started.
􀟈  Test "a function-key character is rejected so the virtual key wins" started.
􀟈  Test "the AppKit and Quartz transforms are inverses" started.
􀟈  Test "a drag that crosses the panel with both ends outside it still moves it" started.
􀟈  Test "a name is fenced wherever it appears, live line or trail, whoever supplied it" started.
􀟈  Test "a step posting away from the panel does not move it" started.
􀟈  Test "a display above the menu bar is not inverted, because the flip is against the primary" started.
􀟈  Test "both terms are required, so a switched-on surface still needs an entitled process" started.
􀟈  Test "A6 · every sheet says when its decision takes effect" started.
􀟈  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" started.
􀟈  Test "every non-separator item becomes a row with its full menu path" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · exactly the switches that hand something away ask" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · watching input to notice a person sooner does not confirm" started.
􀟈  Test "a multi-segment route is tested at every segment" started.
􀟈  Test "the disclosure names the mechanism honestly rather than softening it" started.
􀟈  Test "every tool profile exposes proctor_menu, since it is a pure accessibility read" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel's own edges count as being in the way" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's removal is never reported as a failed step" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing picture never claims everything is fine" started.
􀟈  Test "a row built from a lane report contains no free text from the driver" started.
􀟈  Test "a menu glyph resolves to its key name" started.
􀟈  Test "the destructive tools keep their annotation through the verb table" started.
􀟈  Test "every tool advertises an object output schema" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · every tool in the catalogue has a verb" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · turning a capability on asks; turning it off never does" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · the pairing sheet leads with the recovery, not the risky path" started.
􀟈  Test "the restack held only when the panel is immediately above its target" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · reads do not queue, and everything that actuates does" started.
􀟈  Test "A8 · completion is generated from the catalogue, for the shells that have one" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · verb names are unique and do not collide with the service verbs" started.
􀟈  Test "two models built the same way are equal" started.
􀟈  Test "the field list here is the field list on Model" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · no sheet ships a shell command" started.
􀟈  Test "every exit code carries a distinct meaning" started.
􀟈  Test "a tool's disclosure names its tool, so seven of them are seven names" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · a gate's refusal exits 4, and a missing grant exits 5" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · exit 1 and exit 3 are never the same answer" started.
􀟈  Test "no switch toggle is nameless, and no two share a name" started.
􀟈  Test "the whole surface's controls are distinct together, not just within a kind" started.
􀟈  Test "the repeated permission controls name their permission" started.
􀟈  Test "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test "A7 · nothing the CLI prints carries an install command" started.
􀟈  Test "the identifier list names every grant the health report carries" started.
􀟈  Test "no identifier is emitted twice, so a row cannot be confused for another" started.
􀟈  Test "with nothing piped, the flags are the arguments" started.
􀟈  Test "every verb whose schema needs an array or an object can now be given one" started.
􀟈  Test "a flag wins over the same key on stdin" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty name is refused, which is the defect this replaces" started.
􀟈  Test "the scalars the wire distinguishes are still distinguished" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing piped is nothing piped, not a malformed document" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the pairing sheet appears exactly when the notice is off" started.
􀟈  Test "a value that opens like JSON and is not JSON stays the string it is" started.
􀟈  Test "a bracketed value is parsed as JSON, so a step batch survives the flag" started.
􀟈  Test "an unset environment takes the defaults" started.
􀟈  Test "stdin that is not JSON, and stdin that is JSON but not an object, differ" started.
􀟈  Test "a note with nothing to say about the span still reads" started.
􀟈  Test "the remedy names the token the parser actually takes" started.
􀟈  Test "the age cap fires on its own" started.
􀟈  Test "the window remaining reports both dials" started.
􀟈  Test "a zero start time is treated as unknown rather than as 1970" started.
􀟈  Test "no environment value means unbounded" started.
􀟈  Test "the entry cap fires on its own" started.
􀟈  Test "an unknown start time leaves the age cap dormant and the entry cap live" started.
􀟈  Test "the rotation note commits to what was discarded" started.
􀟈  Test "a set environment is honoured within the range" started.
􀟈  Test "an object on stdin names arguments" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that only touches the accessibility plane leaves the machine alone" started.
􀟈  Test "a full window reports nothing left rather than a negative" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's clear is told apart from a cap being reached" started.
􀟈  Test "takesForeground is exactly the predicate the scheduler already applied" started.
􀟈  Test "an inert request says nothing on the panel either" started.
􀟈  Test "a raise with a dead foreground request is still a raise" started.
􀟈  Test "the kinds with no accessibility route at all are counted as certain" started.
􀟈  Test "a clock moved backwards does not rotate" started.
􀟈  Test "an ignored request is reported rather than silently corrected" started.
􀟈  Test "Resolving through the catalogue agrees with each original reader" started.
􀟈  Test "a foreground request still counts when a step in the batch could use it" started.
􀟈  Test "Variable names equal the constants the agent reads" started.
􀟈  Test "type and scroll are counted apart, because their plane is the element's decision" started.
􀟈  Test "every tool has a unique name, a description and an object schema" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty batch asks for nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "the tools that change state are not marked read-only" started.
􀟈  Test "nineteen tools are advertised" started.
􀟈  Test "days clamp to their range" started.
􀟈  Test "a file that grew in place is a different build" started.
􀟈  Test "a path nobody can stat says nothing either way" started.
􀟈  Test "an unchanged file reads as the build that is running" started.
􀟈  Test "only the words that mean running mean running" started.
􀟈  Test "a raise takes the front without a synthetic step; a bare request does not" started.
􀟈  Test "a replaced file is a different build even at the same size" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated machine cannot evaluate a tree assertion, and says why" started.
􀟈  Test "any one of the watched paths moving is enough" started.
􀟈  Test "touching a file replaces nothing and raises nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "entries clamp to their range" started.
􀟈  Test "an unlisted app under no allow list is allowed" started.
􀟈  Test "block wins even when the same app is also on the allow list" started.
􀟈  Test "the delegated facts survive a round trip" started.
􀟈  Test "a native machine evaluates everything" started.
􀟈  Test "an allow list refuses anything it does not name, including an unidentifiable app" started.
􀟈  Test "an escalation nobody asked for outranks every other sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "the new planes and effects carry their wire names" started.
􀟈  Test "a clean background run still discloses nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "an unproven step changes the sentence, not just a new field" started.
􀟈  Test "a sensitive app needs a token: refused without, allowed with" started.
􀟈  Test "everything else does not, including the states a real listing returns" started.
􀟈  Test "two is Apple's number, and it is a parameter rather than a property of the case" started.
􀟈  Test "a slot already held counts against the cap" started.
􀟈  Test "a false flag is omitted rather than written as false" started.
􀟈  Test "an attachment takes its guest and its pool together, never one at a time" started.
􀟈  Test "two sessions naming the same guest serialise even with a slot free" started.
􀟈  Test "every platform has a stated capacity, so the macOS cap cannot go missing" started.
􀟈  Test "a linux guest is not counted against the macOS cap" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated machine can still assert on pixels" started.
􀟈  Test "FIFO holds within the pool: a later guest does not overtake an earlier one" started.
􀟈  Test "a routed event is an injected event that did not take the machine" started.
􀟈  Test "History is not the Status window" started.
􀟈  Test "a step the native backend ran encodes no new keys" started.
􀟈  Test "the plan has no way to evict, so a full pool queues rather than freeing a slot" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing Proctor-titled window must be created, not ordered" started.
􀟈  Test "the lanes print themselves for the panel and the health report" started.
􀟈  Test "the macOS capacity is 2 and other platforms are not capped by Proctor" started.
􀟈  Test "mismatched title and visibility arrays refuse to guess" started.
􀟈  Test "one scan cannot admit three into two slots" started.
􀟈  Test "the mutex lanes behave exactly as they did, with the pool parameters absent" started.
􀟈  Test "a different guest starts while one is held" started.
􀟈  Test "a script body is redacted into the script slot, not the value slot" started.
􀟈  Test "a setValue string is redacted the same way a typed value is" started.
􀟈  Test "a pool with no stated capacity is unbounded, not a mutex" started.
􀟈  Test "a visible Proctor window is left alone" started.
􀟈  Test "an ordered-out Proctor window still presents" started.
􀟈  Test "a non-secret step carries no redaction but still accounts for the action" started.
􀟈  Test "a typed secret never appears in the audit line in the clear" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal is recorded as its own accounted-for event with a reason" started.
􀟈  Test "empty output is refused the same way, and says how much arrived" started.
􀟈  Test "a background-safe run has nothing to disclose" started.
􀟈  Test "a truncated listing is a named refusal, not a decoder's error escaping" started.
􀟈  Test "the report survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" started.
􀟈  Test "a full pool marks rather than breaking the scan, so host runs behind it start" started.
􀟈  Test "what a run needed is measured from the planes its steps travelled" started.
􀟈  Test "a value is stored as length plus SHA-256, verifiable against a known input" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that never ran counts as nothing rather than as a synthetic one" started.
􀟈  Test "a well-formed listing still parses" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that only raised the app still says it is not background-safe" started.
􀟈  Test "a blocked bundle id is refused with a reason, not driven" started.
􀟈  Test "an act result without the block still decodes, so an older reader is not broken" started.
􀟈  Test "the key that sealed it reads it back byte for byte" started.
􀟈  Test "a tampered ciphertext or header fails to open rather than decoding to something else" started.
􀟈  Test "every entry records which key sealed it" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail of entries opens back in the same shape and the same order" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0232: a stood-down pointer is stated, and it also survives a step" started.
􀟈  Test "a corrupt line comes back as nil instead of throwing into the read path" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0241: a synthetic step in flight still says so when no escalation has happened" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0233: an escalation outranks a stood-down pointer when both hold" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0235: a new run clears both, so one run's disclosure cannot leak into the next" started.
􀟈  Test "a sealed entry is still exactly one JSONL line" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that took the front says the result is not a background-safe one" started.
􀟈  Test "a readable entry is told apart from a sealed one" started.
􀟈  Test "the extras item being up is not the Status window being up" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_doctor is the one agent verb that is also a catalogue tool" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0234: a guest run states neither, because it takes nothing from this Mac" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0231: the escalation survives the steps that follow it" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue ships 21 tools, each named once" started.
􀟈  Test "the drive paths are named distinctly, in the tool.subaction form" started.
􀟈  Test "no internal agent verb has a catalogue spec, so tools/call refuses it" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal reads identically whichever tool asked" started.
􀟈  Test "a sealed line carries none of the record's text" started.
􀟈  Test "each entry is sealed independently, so two identical entries do not look identical" started.
􀟈  Test "another key cannot read it" started.
􀟈  Test "refused before the first repeat fails the call; refused later stops it" started.
􀟈  Test "an approval valid at the first repeat can be invalid at a later one" started.
􀟈  Test "an unidentifiable replay target fails closed under an allow list" started.
􀟈  Test "CASE-0230: an unrequested escalation reaches the exception line" started.
􀟈  Test "consecutive points are no more than the spacing apart" started.
􀟈  Test "a cut-short run says how many repeats it measured and why it stopped" started.
􀟈  Test "Every capability that acts on the person is paired; overlay capture is not one" started.
􀟈  Test "the endpoints the caller asked for are the endpoints posted" started.
􀟈  Test "a class-extension is captured, named by what it extends, and its properties count" started.
􀟈  Test "a long path is capped rather than posting thousands of events" started.
􀟈  Test "a path that does not move still yields a press and a release" started.
􀟈  Test "a single point cannot be a drag and is returned untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "an app with no commands is classified not scriptable with a route hint" started.
􀟈  Test "A warning appears only when the capability is on and its notice is off" started.
􀟈  Test "a realistic sdef parses into suites, commands, classes and enumerations" started.
􀟈  Test "the per-app cache hits for the same handle and misses after a relaunch" started.
􀟈  Test "the dictionary tool sits in the scripting profile, preserving the nesting" started.
􀟈  Test "the cap holds even when the supplied path already exceeds it" started.
􀟈  Test "counts aggregate across every suite" started.
􀟈  Test "a replayed step is redacted exactly as a live one, under the replay's name" started.
􀟈  Test "the profiles nest ax ⊂ core ⊂ scripting ⊂ full" started.
􀟈  Test "empty or malformed input degrades to a not-scriptable result rather than throwing" started.
􀟈  Test "the capability summary is one line naming the app, scriptability and counts" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the kit tier holds the values Apple published, not this design's choices" started.
􀟈  Test "full is the whole catalogue" started.
􀟈  Test "the front moving away yields, and coming back releases" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · dark is authored, never derived from light" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · every meaningful text tier clears its floor in both appearances" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · every token carries a tier from the closed set" started.
􀟈  Test "a profile argument parses case-insensitively; junk and empty do not" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_dictionary is advertised, read-only, non-destructive and object-schema'd" started.
􀟈  Test "membership matches the documented clusters" started.
􀟈  Test "every supplied vertex survives, so a path with a corner keeps its corner" started.
􀟈  Test "the panel prints the project and the short id, never a pid" started.
􀟈  Test "resuming past one reason does not blind Proctor to another" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the accent is the one the design settled on" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the generated table has not drifted from the mock it came from" started.
􀟈  Test "a result with no yields encodes exactly as it did before this existed" started.
􀟈  Test "an event Proctor posted is never read as a person's" started.
􀟈  Test "two reasons at once release only when both have gone" started.
􀟈  Test "secure input outranks the frontmost reading when both hold" started.
􀟈  Test "an app Proctor asked for but never got is not somebody taking it away" started.
􀟈  Test "and it re-arms once that reason has cleared and recurred" started.
􀟈  Test "a yielded run wears the quiet held state, not a new one" started.
􀟈  Test "the window still ends the hold, so a stale arrival does not park the run" started.
􀟈  Test "a run nothing contended with says nothing at all" started.
􀟈  Test "an arrival since the last look holds, however old the timestamp is" started.
􀟈  Test "secure keyboard entry yields, and releases when it goes off" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's own input yields and decays rather than sitting forever" started.
􀟈  Test "an event carrying no CGEvent at all is not evidence of a person" started.
􀟈  Test "every reason has its own line, and none of them reads as a fault" started.
􀟈  Test "a hold survives one sample of the condition flickering" started.
􀟈  Test "carrying on returns to the step it was holding before" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that was held says how long and why" started.
􀟈  Test "Resume overrides the episode, so the same condition does not re-yield" started.
􀟈  Test "an event from some other process is not a person either" started.
􀟈  Test "a sample with neither an arrival nor a timestamp holds nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a fresh keystroke still holds on the window alone, with no arrival flag" started.
􀟈  Test "the grace window covers an arrival Proctor's own post caused" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing parseable is nil, not a lenient guess" started.
􀟈  Test "a run driving the app it raised never yields, however many steps it posts" started.
􀟈  Test "a release candidate for the floor is below the floor" started.
􀟈  Test "a pre-release keeps its tail rather than being rounded to a release" started.
􀟈  Test "Proctor's own windows in front are not somebody taking the machine" started.
􀟈  Test "every profile is a real subset of the catalogue and keeps apps and doctor" started.
􀟈  Test "an element frame maps to the expected pixel box, window origin subtracted then scaled" started.
􀟈  Test "two sessions are the same only when the same process is behind them" started.
􀟈  Test "a zero-area element carries no place to draw a box and is dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "a nightly of the next minor is not the current one" started.
􀟈  Test "the supported window is one minor version, inclusive at the floor" started.
􀟈  Test "the same sample without the arrival does not hold, so the flag is what fires" started.
􀟈  Test "no grid is produced when it is not asked for" started.
􀟈  Test "a partially visible element is marked with its box clamped to the image" started.
􀟈  Test "an element outside the captured frame gets no mark" started.
􀟈  Test "the mark cap truncates in reading order and reports what it dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "every mark carries its source node, role and label for the map back" started.
􀟈  Test "the same elements produce the same ids, regardless of input order" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_capture advertises the annotate flag and stays read-only" started.
􀟈  Test "the same role and label agree" started.
􀟈  Test "before Proctor has taken the front there is nothing to take back" started.
􀟈  Test "the shapes a version can arrive in all parse" started.
􀟈  Test "the other three status sentences are unchanged" started.
􀟈  Test "an ending is held for the linger and then the menu bar rests" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty tools array still yields the Shortcuts CLI row" started.
􀟈  Test "a different role does not agree" started.
􀟈  Test "a fresh model is idle before anything has ever run" started.
􀟈  Test "marks are numbered in reading order: top to bottom, then left to right" started.
􀟈  Test "the short line follows from usability and evidence alone" started.
􀟈  Test "every name the agent can emit resolves to exactly one kind" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed permission claims no restart and names no settings pane" started.
􀟈  Test "every kind is reachable from a real name" started.
􀟈  Test "every ending rests, not only the loud ones" started.
􀟈  Test "the whole kind-by-state matrix, not three cells of it" started.
􀟈  Test "a pre-release inside the range is still refused" started.
􀟈  Test "while the panel is up the menu bar shows the panel's phase" started.
􀟈  Test "the Shortcuts CLI leaves the permissions list and joins the tools" started.
􀟈  Test "a different label does not agree" started.
􀟈  Test "a grid places interior lines every spacing*scale pixels" started.
􀟈  Test "the partition follows the kind, and never the required flag" started.
􀟈  Test "the footer says the report was asked for, not that everything was checked" started.
􀟈  Test "Automation carries no mobility sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "only Automation is ever described as asked for per app" started.
􀟈  Test "a denied settled-at-launch permission names the restart and Settings" started.
􀟈  Test "a row without a name is dropped rather than invented" started.
􀟈  Test "a live-read permission says Proctor will notice on its own" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing said about an unconfirmed grant claims a refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "a report from an older agent still produces a row" started.
􀟈  Test "a granted permission says nothing at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a local dev server carries its own caveat even in the brief form" started.
􀟈  Test "with the lane off, browser-use appears in no field of any row" started.
􀟈  Test "one row per reported tool, in the report's order, verdicts preserved" started.
􀟈  Test "a collapsed or frameless web area does not count as a second page" started.
􀟈  Test "empty output is an empty list, not an error" started.
􀟈  Test "omitted fields are absent on the wire, not null" started.
􀟈  Test "a wrapper object and a single object both decode" started.
􀟈  Test "a window with no readable URL says so rather than guessing" started.
􀟈  Test "when no area reports a frame at all, none is discarded" started.
􀟈  Test "a hostile URL never reaches a command or a sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "full says everything once; brief says the part that is always true" started.
􀟈  Test "a table listing still works when the build printed text" started.
􀟈  Test "an unrecognised name falls to the tools side, never to permissions" started.
􀟈  Test "the same page spelled two ways is one page" started.
􀟈  Test "one page URL is reported, and reported once" started.
􀟈  Test "a key that is not a peer parses to nothing, which is what never reclaims" started.
􀟈  Test "a page Obscura cannot open keeps the disclosure and drops the recommendation" started.
􀟈  Test "a key that does not parse is unknown without the probe being asked" started.
􀟈  Test "without a window there is no page, and it says that rather than nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a page beside a devtools panel is still the page" started.
􀟈  Test "an array of objects is the happy path" started.
􀟈  Test "A4 · a run is identified by bundle id, not by a session handle" started.
􀟈  Test "the probe is asked about the pid the key names" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · a skipped check is never counted as a pass" started.
􀟈  Test "two start times of zero are two failures agreeing, not a match" started.
􀟈  Test "a process that cannot be described is unknown, so its lane is left alone" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · the projection carries none of the fields this window may not show" started.
􀟈  Test "two web areas at different URLs is reported, not resolved" started.
􀟈  Test "A2 · the empty state names the action that fills it" started.
􀟈  Test "the identity key parses into the pid and the start time it was minted from" started.
􀟈  Test "the same process with the same start time is alive" started.
􀟈  Test "a pid the kernel no longer knows is gone" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing in Sources still tells a reader to verify against Sequoia" started.
􀟈  Test "each upstream issue id appears exactly once in Sources" started.
􀟈  Test "a pid reused by a later process is gone, not alive" started.
􀟈  Test "The path derives from the bundle identifier, not a literal" started.
􀟈  Test "A5 · retention is stated, and says the trail rotates rather than prunes" started.
􀟈  Test "the doctor's guest lane carries the constant, not a copy of it" started.
􀟈  Test "every measurement the note states is in the spec section it cites" started.
􀟈  Test "clear forgets a switch so it falls back" started.
􀟈  Test "A missing, empty, corrupt or wrongly-typed file resolves to the defaults" started.
􀟈  Test "the proctor_guest description carries the constant, not a copy of it" started.
􀟈  Test "No key outside the eight is ever written" started.
􀟈  Test "The file is 0600 and its directory 0700" started.
􀟈  Test "the policy section is drawn in both usable states and in neither other one" started.
􀟈  Test "no prose on the guest tool describes a two-provider world" started.
􀟈  Test "a signed trail says whether the key was confirmed, because the two are different claims" started.
􀟈  Test "a sensitive count appears as the mode's detail and vanishes at zero" started.
􀟈  Test "a dropped entry reds the count even beside a trail that verifies clean" started.
􀟈  Test "each gate mode says what happens to the next call, and open says it plainly" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · a skipped verdict is drawn differently from both of the others" started.
􀟈  Test "the guest tool's provider enum admits all three providers" started.
􀟈  Test "every string a policy row says is a named constant, not a sentence built in the card" started.
􀟈  Test "every row states its fact in words, so tone is never the only carrier" started.
􀟈  Test "no row can name an app, a path, a key or a token" started.
􀟈  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" started.
􀟈  Test "a reported posture draws one row per kind, in the kind's own order" started.
􀟈  Test "An unknown key is ignored rather than rejected" started.
􀟈  Test "no posture draws no rows, rather than rows saying nothing is enforced" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · a skipped check without a reason is refused rather than drawn" started.
􀟈  Test "a live approval token is drawn as the louder of the two states" started.
􀟈  Test "an unwritable trail says steps are running unrecorded, whatever else is true" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail that does not verify is drawn as loudly as one that cannot be written" started.
􀟈  Test "an undeclared filesystem jail is a warning and a declared one names its roots" started.
􀟈  Test "a complete frame with no area is not trustworthy either" started.
􀟈  Test "the browsers people actually run are recognised, channels included" started.
􀟈  Test "an incomplete frame is not, whatever its rect says" started.
􀟈  Test "a trail that dropped entries says so, and a clean one stays quiet" started.
􀟈  Test "an app that merely hosts web content is not a browser" started.
􀟈  Test "a complete frame with area is trustworthy" started.
􀟈  Test "a pre-release tail survives" started.
􀟈  Test "a target with no version-shaped component yields nothing rather than a guess" started.
􀟈  Test "Homebrew's symlink target carries the version" started.
􀟈  Test "the posture carries no rule, and the encoded bytes prove it" started.
􀟈  Test "the mode names the shape of the gate" started.
􀟈  Test "the note says plainly that this is a convention rather than a boundary" started.
􀟈  Test "Xcode's version sits beside the developer directory, not inside it" started.
􀟈  Test "the noun form is used wherever a row cannot assert the step happened" started.
􀟈  Test "A saved set round-trips" started.
􀟈  Test "a prefix rule matches the product and its channels, not a lookalike" started.
􀟈  Test "an unknown outcome from a newer build degrades to a fault, never to a success" started.
􀟈  Test "the indeterminate line reads as unknown rather than as a failure" started.
􀟈  Test "a row carrying all five round-trips" started.
􀟈  Test "no other grant is an input" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreachable agent is never offered a restart" started.
􀟈  Test "the agent denying a grant this window can see offers the restart" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreachable agent is offered a start, whatever it last said" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's own stop still outranks an unknown outcome" started.
􀟈  Test "the sentences stay near the length the menu already carries" started.
􀟈  Test "a row written before this item decodes with the new fields nil" started.
􀟈  Test "a run with three good steps and one unknown one is not reported as ok" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant is still offered the restart" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing is offered while a restart is in flight" started.
􀟈  Test "indeterminate maps to its own outcome rather than to failed" started.
􀟈  Test "a run in flight is named as the cost" started.
􀟈  Test "naming the cost changes nothing but the sentence" started.
􀟈  Test "a synthetic step takes the whole machine as well as its app" started.
􀟈  Test "the lane set is fixed before the run and never grows" started.
􀟈  Test "the sentence claims staleness only where it is confirmed" started.
􀟈  Test "the button titles match the menu's other verbs" started.
􀟈  Test "a target that is not in the window list at all is treated as covered" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant does not claim the agent is holding an earlier answer" started.
􀟈  Test "the happy path is untouched" started.
􀟈  Test "an unconfirmed grant this window cannot see is offered nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "an absent permission is never offered a restart" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that raises a window takes the machine too" started.
􀟈  Test "a covered target with no resolvable window id draws nothing rather than floating" started.
􀟈  Test "a healthy agent offers nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "every resource is JSON with a non-empty key and description" started.
􀟈  Test "a restack that did not hold falls back by whether anything covers the target" started.
􀟈  Test "off screen still wins over everything, covered or not" started.
􀟈  Test "asking for the app in front takes the machine only when a step could use it" started.
􀟈  Test "a raise with no synthetic step still says the run brings the app forward" started.
􀟈  Test "Proctor's own panels do not count as covering the target" started.
􀟈  Test "the four resources are advertised with the expected URIs" started.
􀟈  Test "an unknown URI resolves to nothing rather than a wrong resource" started.
􀟈  Test "a count cannot be reported below what was known before the run" started.
􀟈  Test "an unnamed app is described rather than left blank" started.
􀟈  Test "the app name goes through the same sanitiser every drawn name does" started.
􀟈  Test "a certain count with nothing conditional is stated as the total it is" started.
􀟈  Test "a URI resolves to its spec and back to the same URI" started.
􀟈  Test "once every conditional step has resolved, the number stops hedging" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty chip equals an empty chip and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "an accessibility batch contends for its own app and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "a different number of fields makes two chips unequal" started.
􀟈  Test "the exclusion holds unless somebody asks for the opposite" started.
􀟈  Test "a conditional step still to come makes the number a floor, and it says so" started.
􀟈  Test "an affirmative value lifts it, and only for as long as it is set" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that only might need the front says might" started.
􀟈  Test "Every off-value turns every switch off" started.
􀟈  Test "a different field name, and a different field value, each make two chips unequal" started.
􀟈  Test "resolving through the catalogue agrees with the reader the panels call" started.
􀟈  Test "it is a capability, so it is off by default and asks before it goes on" started.
􀟈  Test "An unrecognised value reads on for a drawing switch and off for the rest" started.
􀟈  Test "the takeover spec carries the property, and defaults to excluded" started.
􀟈  Test "A control writes the value its own switch accepts" started.
􀟈  Test "two chips built the same way are equal" started.
􀟈  Test "one rule covers every panel Proctor draws over other people's windows" started.
􀟈  Test "a non-left OpenAI click button is refused" started.
􀟈  Test "An unset drawing switch is on; an unset anything-else is off" started.
􀟈  Test "left_click_drag maps to a dragPath from start to end, both in global coords" started.
􀟈  Test "double_click expands to two clicks at the same point" started.
􀟈  Test "wait becomes a wait operation with the duration in milliseconds" started.
􀟈  Test "OpenAI drag maps its path into global coordinates" started.
􀟈  Test "left_click maps to a synthetic click at the window-mapped global point" started.
􀟈  Test "OpenAI scroll flips the sign so positive scroll_y reads as scroll down" started.
􀟈  Test "screenshot maps to the screenshot operation" started.
􀟈  Test "an unmapped action is refused, not silently dropped" started.
􀟈  Test "right_click is refused rather than turned into a left click" started.
􀟈  Test "scroll down becomes a negative dy the actuator reads as down" started.
􀟈  Test "A lane rejects every spelling but its own name" started.
􀟈  Test "key combos split into a key and its modifiers" started.
􀟈  Test "an OpenAI batch flattens into an ordered plan" started.
􀟈  Test "where an object came from is recorded" started.
􀟈  Test "a step's record carries the wording, derived from the element it resolved to" started.
􀟈  Test "the object comes back unquoted, so the surface fences it itself" started.
􀟈  Test "scale divides the CUA offset before it is added to the window origin" started.
􀟈  Test "a single OpenAI action object is accepted without an array wrapper" started.
􀟈  Test "the verb is never empty and never the kind's raw value" started.
􀟈  Test "the cap is grapheme-safe at the longer limit too" started.
􀟈  Test "a quote in the path is escaped rather than ending the command" started.
􀟈  Test "a quotation mark cannot survive into the object at the longer cap" started.
􀟈  Test "it waits for this process to go before opening the bundle" started.
􀟈  Test "a changed title changes the hash" started.
􀟈  Test "a record's object is capped at the history limit, not the HUD's" started.
􀟈  Test "masking can be turned off when the text is the thing under test" started.
􀟈  Test "typed text never reaches the wording on a record" started.
􀟈  Test "the longer cap still strips control, bidi and markup characters" started.
􀟈  Test "a step with nothing nameable comes back with no object at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a UUID in a value does not change the hash" started.
􀟈  Test "the verb and the fenced object recompose into the blended line" started.
􀟈  Test "a real move does change the hash" started.
􀟈  Test "identical trees hash identically" started.
􀟈  Test "the path is simctl under the developer directory" started.
􀟈  Test "sub-pixel drift does not change the hash" started.
􀟈  Test "type carries the text through" started.
􀟈  Test "the footer's Re-check is gone and the three that stay are the right three" started.
􀟈  Test "a clock in a label does not change the hash" started.
􀟈  Test "a different developer directory keeps the same tail" started.
􀟈  Test "the window renders the library's decisions rather than its own" started.
􀟈  Test "child order is significant, because it is the focus order" started.
􀟈  Test "mouse_move maps to a hover at the mapped point" started.
􀟈  Test "occupancy is answerable per lane, so a wedged lane is not invisible" started.
􀟈  Test "the history cap is longer than the HUD's, and both are one routine" started.
􀟈  Test "the agent's grant names and Core's map cannot drift apart" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame within both ceilings is returned unchanged with scale 1" started.
􀟈  Test "mapping a coordinate to normalised space and back returns it" started.
􀟈  Test "a near-square frame under the edge ceiling is scaled by the pixel budget" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_capture advertises normalize without adding a new tool" started.
􀟈  Test "a non-positive scale is treated as identity rather than dividing by zero" started.
􀟈  Test "a CaptureResult round-trips its normalization block through JSON" started.
􀟈  Test "a raw capture omits the normalization key entirely" started.
􀟈  Test "a model coordinate in the normalised frame maps onto native geometry" started.
􀟈  Test "a frame over the long-edge ceiling scales its long edge to the ceiling" started.
􀟈  Test "a bundle that is nowhere returns nil instead of trapping" started.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar pictures this package ships still resolve" started.
􀟈  Test "Contents/Resources is searched before the app root" started.
􀟈  Test "the executable's own directory is searched, which is how a dev build finds them" started.
􀟈  Test "the build directory beside the test bundle is searched" started.
􀟈  Test "a request while it is up extends it and does not raise it again" started.
􀟈  Test "a statement raised and immediately ended still stays up for the floor" started.
􀟈  Test "a stop takes it down rather than holding a claim that stopped being true" started.
􀟈  Test "the deadline never moves backwards" started.
􀟈  Test "batch after batch converges on one statement rather than a strobe" started.
􀟈  Test "a zero floor is honoured rather than clamped to a default" started.
􀟈  Test "once it is down, the next batch raises it again" started.
􀟈  Test "the floor matches the run panel's, so the two come down together" started.
􀟈  Test "every run different is fully unstable" started.
􀟈  Test "a single run cannot be unstable" started.
􀟈  Test "a permission error carries a remedy, because a model will otherwise retry it" started.
􀟈  Test "divergence is reported at the first disagreeing step" started.
􀟈  Test "one odd run out of five scores low but non-zero" started.
􀟈  Test "identical runs are stable" started.
􀟈  Test "agreeing runs have no divergence" started.
􀟈  Test "a run that ended early is itself a divergence" started.
􀟈  Test "an element's whole frame has to be inside the page" started.
􀟈  Test "a web area with no frame contains nothing" started.
􀟈  Test "a point inside the page is page content and a point in the toolbar is not" started.
􀟈  Test "a web area reported as the whole window makes the toolbar read as page" started.
􀟈  Test "both records survive a round trip, since they go out on the wire" started.
􀟈  Test "a run where nothing actuated still says which lane refused it" started.
􀟈  Test "an act result names its lane" started.
􀟈  Test "a determinism verdict carries the actuation path it was measured on" started.
􀟈  Test "a stability report names its lane" started.
􀟈  Test "every actuated step in a run reports the run's own lane" started.
􀟈  Test "a delegated step says so, and keeps the driver's own word beside it" started.
􀟈  Test "an actuated native step says it was native, and always has" started.
􀟈  Test "a step that refused before actuating carries no backend at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a platform the provider did not name is delegated, never native" started.
􀟈  Test "a stability report with no lane still decodes" started.
􀟈  Test "an attachment holds its slot until something releases it once" started.
􀟈  Test "the tier is derived from the platform, in both directions" started.
􀟈  Test "an act result with no lane still decodes, so an older record is not lost" started.
􀟈  Test "a session's own handles resolve, on both machines" started.
􀟈  Test "darwin from tart ends up native, end to end" started.
􀟈  Test "no two commands share an id, because the menu item is built from it" started.
􀟈  Test "every refusal names both machines and offers a route that works" started.
􀟈  Test "the derivation is a function, so no attach site can supply a tier" started.
􀟈  Test "every command names a menu, so none can be declared with nowhere to draw" started.
􀟈  Test "two guest sessions on DIFFERENT guests are also refused across" started.
􀟈  Test "a guest window id under a host session is refused, naming both machines" started.
􀟈  Test "who started the guest is recorded, because it is what licenses stopping it" started.
􀟈  Test "the catalogue carries twenty commands across four menus" started.
􀟈  Test "one guest session cannot resolve another guest session's handle" started.
􀟈  Test "a host window id under a guest session is refused, naming both machines" started.
􀟈  Test "a required grant that is missing keeps the permission symbol" started.
􀟈  Test "an unreachable agent still outranks every block" started.
􀟈  Test "idle at rest is the character and it is one still frame" started.
􀟈  Test "a missing permission outranks a locked keyboard when both are true" started.
􀟈  Test "secure event input has its own symbol, never the permission one" started.
􀟈  Test "secure event input outranks the foreground notice and the phase" started.
􀟈  Test "a ready that is false for an unrecognised reason still blocks" started.
􀟈  Test "a healthy Mac at rest shows the character, not a symbol" started.
􀟈  Test "a phase that never arrives rests at idle rather than falling to a symbol" started.
􀟈  Test "a grant that is not required never sinks readiness" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-empty" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-loading" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-ideal" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-partial" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-error" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-done" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "queue-ideal" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "readiness-ideal" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-ideal" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-empty" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "switches-ideal" to "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-empty" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-loading" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-ideal" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-partial" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-error" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-done" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "queue-ideal" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "readiness-ideal" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-ideal" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-empty" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "switches-ideal" to "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-empty" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-loading" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-ideal" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-partial" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-error" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "run-done" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "queue-ideal" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "readiness-ideal" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-ideal" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "history-empty" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument name → "switches-ideal" to "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" started.
􀟈  Test "A3 · Stop is reachable whenever the veil is up" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · the refusal names the guest and the switch that clears it" started.
􀟈  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" started.
􀟈  Test "the copy states the mechanism and claims nothing about consequence" started.
􀟈  Test "A1 · no guest configured and no foreground demand is not a refusal" started.
􀟈  Test "a screen change that cannot be attributed is a weaker verdict, not the top one" started.
􀟈  Test "a runtime identifier renders readably, and an unexpected one is left alone" started.
􀟈  Test "a deep link is split so the trail keeps the entry point and not the token" started.
􀟈  Test "a refusal reports the decoded reason rather than a bare exit code" started.
􀟈  Test "an unresolvable URL is refused under an allow list and allowed without one" started.
􀟈  Test "proctor_ios is in the catalogue and states its ceiling in its own description" started.
􀟈  Test "a caller's threshold decides the verdict, and travels with the measurement" started.
􀟈  Test "an unobserved run is not reported as an uneventful one" started.
􀟈  Test "an allow list on the Mac spelling does not authorise the iOS app of the same id" started.
􀟈  Test "an app that goes away while handling the link is a fault, never a navigation" started.
􀟈  Test "a block on either spelling blocks the iOS target" started.
􀟈  Test "a sensitive iOS app needs a token, and the qualified key is what it is named by" started.
􀟈  Test "the absence carries no shell command" started.
􀟈  Test "a cold launch is reported as launchedNow without becoming its own verdict" started.
􀟈  Test "the calibration floor sits an order of magnitude below the smallest real change" started.
􀟈  Test "a URL resolves to its handler through the scheme claim, and https does not" started.
􀟈  Test "the measured no-op and the measured navigation are told apart" started.
􀟈  Test "simctl is found through each route, and its absence names every path tried" started.
􀟈  Test "simctl device JSON parses with state, runtime and availability" started.
􀟈  Test "every reason can be attributed, so no hold is unnameable" started.
􀟈  Test "a device handle is recognised and refused by name, pointing at the route that works" started.
􀟈  Test "no window at all still names a display, because the run is somewhere" started.
􀟈  Test "it round-trips, because the health report and the wire both carry it" started.
􀟈  Test "duplicate developer directories are reported once, in order" started.
􀟈  Test "an empty app name is dropped rather than left as a dangling separator" started.
􀟈  Test "the measured simctl failures decode into sentences" started.
􀟈  Test "the session is whatever the derived identity says, and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "the display is the one holding most of the window" started.
􀟈  Test "the main display is named as such rather than numbered" started.
􀟈  Test "a window off every screen takes the nearest rather than none" started.
􀟈  Test "no screens means no display rather than a guess" started.
􀟈  Test "the line degrades by dropping clauses rather than printing an absence" started.
􁁛  Test "a test process resolves the audit trail away from the operator's own" passed after 1.245 seconds.
􁁛  Test "reduced motion leaves exactly one frame everywhere" passed after 1.455 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an installed web app carries its surface, its flags and no lane end to end" passed after 1.641 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a still sequence asks for no timer at all" passed after 1.640 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the frame index walks the sequence and wraps" passed after 1.641 seconds.
􁁛  Test "FS_ROOTS is parsed as a colon-separated list, dropping empty entries" passed after 1.643 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary browser window still names its lane and carries that lane's flags" passed after 1.645 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a lane the reply never mentions reads as absent, not as not-ready-for-a-reason" passed after 1.644 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every menu bar state rests on the same picture the panel rests on" passed after 1.645 seconds.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "pane" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "connection" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "run" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "lanes" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "laneCap" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "grants" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "readiness" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "history" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "historyUnreadable" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "historyPage" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "historySelection" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "switches" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􀟈  Test case passing 1 argument field → "handshake" to "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" started.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a named lane that is ready exits 0 even when another lane is not" passed after 1.646 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single-frame sequence is always frame zero" passed after 1.646 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a path inside a declared root is admitted and resolved" passed after 1.646 seconds.
􁁛  Test "idle is still in the menu bar even though it bobs in the panel" passed after 1.646 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the drawn pointer assigns sharingType everywhere it assigns level" passed after 1.647 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame the instrument cannot read is not measured, rather than empty" passed after 1.649 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a ".." traversal is refused before resolution, with a reason naming it" passed after 1.649 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfigured jail admits any path, so installing it changes nothing" passed after 1.650 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the variable unset the wire never carries the name, web app included" passed after 1.650 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clock set backwards shows the first frame rather than a negative one" passed after 1.650 seconds.
􁁛  Test "if prlctl is on this machine, detection finds it without running it" passed after 1.650 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the capture verdict conjoins the content gate" passed after 1.651 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clean reply exits 0, and an empty one is not read as a failure" passed after 1.652 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only travelling and acting move in the menu bar" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a symlink inside a root that points outside it is refused, because resolution follows it" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the health report answers how many runs are active and waiting, per lane" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two sessions driving different apps run at the same time" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sibling sharing a root's name prefix is outside it and refused" passed after 1.654 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a skipped assertion is an unanswered question, not a satisfied one" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a wait that timed out exits 1 — measured, it used to exit 0" passed after 1.653 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that stopped part way exits 1" passed after 1.654 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame in a layout this cannot read claims nothing" passed after 1.654 seconds.
􁁛  Test "bash 3.2 can read it: parallel arrays, no associative ones" passed after 1.654 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that never ran is not counted as having taken the machine" passed after 1.655 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the fragment carries the directories and tools, and not simctl" passed after 1.655 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every overlay takes its capture exclusion from the switch, which is off by default" passed after 1.658 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a failed assertion exits 1 — the call worked and the check did not" passed after 1.658 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the shell doctor actually sources the file this test guards" passed after 1.660 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a passing assertion still exits 0, so the verdict is read and not assumed" passed after 1.661 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the shell fragment matches the committed file" passed after 1.661 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane comes back when a run throws, not only when it returns" passed after 1.662 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a kill that could not signal a target exits 1" passed after 1.663 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a named lane that is not ready exits 5, whatever the rest of the reply says" passed after 1.920 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the scheduler and the disclosure agree about the same batch" passed after 2.025 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reading never joins the line" passed after 2.025 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a harmless run ending does not clear a foreground run still going beside it" passed after 2.025 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the missing-guest refusal names all three providers" passed after 2.026 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every guest listing carries the one Tahoe note" passed after 2.026 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a click on the host with PROCTOR_GUEST set is refused and posts nothing" passed after 2.027 seconds.
􁁛  Test "if Maestro is installed, its version comes off the install layout" passed after 2.028 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session attached to one guest reads unknown for another" passed after 2.028 seconds.
􁁛  Test "four unanswerable situations give four different reasons" passed after 2.028 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a status read whose link fails does not release the attachment" passed after 2.029 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no indeterminate line anywhere claims the step happened" passed after 2.033 seconds.
􁁛  Test "list is list -a -j, the shape measured on this machine" passed after 2.033 seconds.
􁁛  Test "clone uses --name, matching prlctl's own flag" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attached guest reports the version its own Proctor answered with" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the refusal says why, and points somewhere" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the image name is never the answer" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "auditStep's header still says what the trail attests to" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a blocked app is refused before the backend is reached at all" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Resolving against the effective environment would misreport source and lock" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native pixel comparison has nothing to qualify" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "truncated output is refused rather than parsed as a short listing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a skipped assertion does not count as an overall pass" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "if Xcode is installed, its version comes out of the plist beside it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated run reports skipped with a reason, never passed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "tier has no default, so a machine cannot claim observation it does not have" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar's foreground block names which backend is performing the steps" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated pixel comparison carries what it is worth" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native machine refuses nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated machine refuses every kind that reads the tree" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default tier is verify, not the API ceiling" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every probe set shares one cache, because the verdict is a fact about the file" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same assertion on a native machine is actually evaluated" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a purpose is parsed by name, and an unknown one is refused rather than guessed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the saving over the old default is worth the change" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the one pixel kind survives, because pixels are what a delegated lane has" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame already smaller than the tier is passed through untouched" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "tier survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a normalisation with no tier still decodes, so an older record is not lost" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane event is written as its own record with no step kind" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a kind nobody has classified is refused rather than quietly permitted" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the batch stops at an indeterminate step and runs it exactly once" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a near-square frame is bound by the pixel ceiling, not the long edge" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a backend that dies mid-step records indeterminate and keeps Proctor's reading" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the token estimate follows the published approximation" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the interlock is active in this process and the operator path is the real one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "targeting sits exactly on Gemini's tile boundary" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing to look at is not checked, rather than being called unsigned" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary unknown window still reports as an unknown window" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each tier is strictly cheaper than the one above it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the CLI ships under a different filename from the name it is invoked under" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record's hash covers its bytes without the newline, in lowercase hex" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an indeterminate row does not say Proctor pressed anything" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two un-injected sessions do not share one policy file" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a configure through an injected store writes that store's directory" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail signed by another key, presented with its own key, is never clean" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame with real content measures as content" passed after 2.042 seconds.
􁁛  Test "entries written before the chain verify as predating it, neither clean nor forged" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fully transparent frame measures as fully transparent, and the instrument could say otherwise" passed after 2.042 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one flipped byte inside the sealed part is detected as forged, not as unreadable" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same file with no anchor is an old trail rather than a stripped one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry sealed before this feature still opens, and the seal is untouched" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every tier preserves the aspect ratio it was given" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "deleting a pre-chain entry is detected too" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every shipped binary is signed and copied by the build script" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the signed material covers the ciphertext, the link, the trail and the key" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "PROCTOR_CURSOR=0 turns the pointer off" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreadable record is reported, and the entry after it still links to its bytes" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no anchor means completeness cannot be proved, and never means clean" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a signature that is not a signature is a fault rather than an unreadable entry" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a key change is reported as a key this Mac no longer holds, not as forgery" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "neither CLI is a named refusal, not an empty listing" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the signed material is unambiguous: no two different field sets share a transcript" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the device-frame caveat names the missing frame status" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "list without a guest argument is the default and does not provision" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty pre-chain prefix hashes as the hash of no bytes" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a genuinely signed entry cannot be spliced in from another trail" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "configuring a policy in a test leaves the operator's real policy file alone" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "start changes the power state, re-reads, and lands on the trail" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no two shipped binaries differ only by case, because the volume does not" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail one entry ahead of its anchor is normal growth after a crash, not a fault" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no code path in the iOS lane constructs a shutdown or erase argument" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reordered pair is detected" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "reach on a Windows guest is refused rather than tunnelled" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail whose signed entries were all removed reports it as a fault" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session that injects nothing still cannot reach the operator's policy" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the hedge comes off once the last conditional step has run" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail whose entries cannot be opened still returns a full verdict" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that never ran carries no route" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row says what the reply said and nothing else" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "list returns handles, capabilities, and does not start anything" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "reach on a native macOS guest returns a recipe and no shell command" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "stripping every signed entry does not read as a trail that predates signing" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate opens before the gesture is posted and stays open across it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "start launches detached, polls get, and re-reads" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry claiming a key class this Mac does not have is a fault" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail this build wrote verifies clean end to end" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail cut short reports how many entries are missing from the end" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal, a failure and the end of the run all release the gate" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fork — two entries claiming the same predecessor — is reported" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "entries that could not be opened are counted, never dropped" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel says what the batch contains before its first step runs" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a name held by two providers is refused rather than guessed" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary unknown window still reports as an unknown window" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run with no bundle id draws a dash rather than a guess" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a device handle is refused by name wherever a window handle is expected" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a populated history still fits the 80x24 floor" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · every mock surface has an anchor, and every anchor is unique" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an absent policy loads empty, and a saved one loads back" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the clock fits its eight-cell column at every hour of the day" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a type that stayed on the accessibility plane retires the warning instead" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the notice survives the steps that are not themselves synthetic" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run the reply could not name a tool for is dropped rather than half-drawn" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a report never folds inconclusive results into its pass count" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a truncated listing is refused rather than parsed short" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail rolled back to an older copy of itself is detected" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · a release build reports reflectorUnavailable rather than agreement" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Pause and Stop stay reachable for the whole of a batch that holds a click" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a property no channel settles can never report a match" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry signed by a different key is reported, not accepted" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "tree properties settle on a real comparison, both ways" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · the channel table answers for every property class" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "stop and clone use tart's own verbs" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · an unread layer property is inconclusive with its reason, not a match" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a start that never comes up reports the timeout and leaves the stop to its caller" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · an untrustworthy frame cannot settle rendered appearance" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry removed from the middle breaks the link, with its position" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native failure still says failed, even carrying the same error code" passed after 2.042 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a certain step settling does not count itself a second time" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it swaps to the present tense while a synthetic step is in flight, then back" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "darwin is macOS — the only live target's classification, pinned" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a real page beside an internal one is still the real page" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue knows which browsers are Chromium, channels included" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default lane is Obscura and says so in a sentence" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the status row appears only when this machine has something to say about the lane" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail one entry behind its anchor is a lost final entry, not an accusation" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the second lane discloses what it is at both detail levels, not only in the caveats" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the first chained entry pins the history before it, so a later edit to it is detected" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the browser's own credential, extension and history pages are nobody's to drive" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest handle is refused by name wherever a window handle is expected" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a name that looks like a platform is not one — only the provider's word counts" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the lane off a browser-internal page is exactly what PRO-0020 emitted" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_guest is in the catalogue and states its ceiling" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the second lane ships no command anywhere, and no Obscura flag either" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "notes are Obscura's facts, several at once, and never ride the other lane" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a page inside the browser goes to the lane that has such a page, and only there" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identifiers are unique across every phase and control" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · all seven phases resolve to a symbol, and each is distinct" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the count of entries nobody could open reaches the shelf" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a type that falls back to the event stream raises the count on the row" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry appended by someone holding only the sealing key is reported as forged" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a local file or an inline payload names neither tool" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "list is list --format json, and the listing itself carries no platform" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a new run replaces the previous run's disclosure rather than inheriting it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane that was enabled and is not installed says so, without an install command" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · the chip reports what the step said, and infers nothing" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sealed trail and a quiet machine are not drawn the same way" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record with no front end is stamped with the connected one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · a run on an unrecognised delivery mode is never called background-safe" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unrecognised peer is nil rather than guessed at" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no combination recommends a tool the machine does not have" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row sealed before this field existed still decodes, with it absent" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · each surface item owns the anchors it converts" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A report carrying switches round-trips" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest whose platform the provider did not name is refused, not admitted" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a phase that offers Stop is exactly a phase with a stoppable run" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate has three states and the variable alone decides whether the name is allowed" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the peer's executable is read from the kernel, not from the caller" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both are on by default, because opting out of a stop control is deliberate" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreadable peer leaves the field absent rather than reading as MCP" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the two switches are independent, so either can be left on alone" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "clone copies and does not invent a guest that was not there" passed after 2.041 seconds.
SWIFT TASK CONTINUATION MISUSE: ScreenRecordingProbeWiringTests leaked its continuation without resuming it. This may cause tasks waiting on it to remain suspended forever.
􁁛  Test "the changed-pixel fraction separates an unchanged frame from a changed one" passed after 2.042 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the front end survives the line the seal is taken over" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a background-safe batch is not announced at all" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A report with no switches field still decodes" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the adapter has no verb that could destroy a guest" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · idle offers no controls, and every phase with a run offers Stop" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window id that came back from the guest is refused for another session" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary page with Obscura gone is told Obscura is gone, never handed the agent" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record that already names a front end keeps it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the adapter fills the platform from get, per guest, and never from the name" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the probe the agent actually runs is bounded by the constant the report quotes" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the identity a peer is given carries its front end" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the doctor schema tells a reader what the third state means" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a linux guest is refused: it has no Proctor inside to forward to" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tool nobody listed forwards, rather than quietly running here" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each shipped front end maps to its own name in the trail" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attaching a stopped guest starts it, through the audited path" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a boot that never finishes is stopped through the audited path, and recorded" passed after 2.040 seconds.
SWIFT TASK CONTINUATION MISUSE: ScreenRecordingProbeWiringTests leaked its continuation without resuming it. This may cause tasks waiting on it to remain suspended forever.
􁁛  Test "a guest already running is not started again" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the variable unset the second tool is never named, in any field, anywhere" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attached session's calls go to the guest, and nothing runs on this Mac" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session cannot attach twice" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attaching points the session's machine at the guest, for this caller only" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "detaching when nothing is attached is a refusal, not a silent success" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the shipped agent plist declares the identity the code reasons with" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window Proctor has only partly read is not routed on what it did read" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the agent's identity is the app's, plus a suffix that says what it is" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with motion reduced every state is a single still picture" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the glow is the reference's pulse: dimmed, not blinked, over 1.6s" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a file that does not end in a newline reports a torn final write" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with motion allowed the moving states play their whole loop" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "presence is enough for both CLIs — a health check does not run them" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Proctor recognises its own processes, and nothing else" passed after 2.040 seconds.
SWIFT TASK CONTINUATION MISUSE: ScreenRecordingProbeWiringTests leaked its continuation without resuming it. This may cause tasks waiting on it to remain suspended forever.
􁁛  Test "the HUD's switch is the pointer's shape exactly" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the still it falls back to is the state's own resting picture, not another state's" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "launchd and LaunchServices know the agent by the same name" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the host keeps the tools that answer about this Mac" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the identity is named, not inferred from whatever process is asking" passed after 2.040 seconds.
SWIFT TASK CONTINUATION MISUSE: never() leaked its continuation without resuming it. This may cause tasks waiting on it to remain suspended forever.
􁁛  Test "with motion reduced the rail never glows, in any state" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the bar says whose the hold is, not only that there is one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held queue and a held run read as the two different things they are" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the held run's row is marked and the others are not" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hold keeps the bar on screen, on a machine that otherwise looks idle" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "progress never runs past the end of the rail" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the exception is gone once the run has ended" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a repeated sweep shows each pass in turn rather than one total across all of them" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run with no hold carries none, so the field is not decoration" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one state variable drives the whole panel, and every phase has a tone" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame with no pixels has nowhere to place a marker" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an explicit point wins over the element frame, matching the actuator" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "there is no code path that runs a guest session's batch on the host" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a screen point maps to the expected pixel: origin subtracted then scaled" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unnamed app still produces a sentence rather than a hole in one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's own stop is not drawn as a fault" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the verb carries the state, so no line needs a status label beside it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ending still lingers away, and a quiet one waits three seconds" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both missing is unavailable, and the note names the grant-once recipe" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a normal CaptureResult has no pointer, so captures stay byte-identical" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the rail glows only while a run is moving" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ending a person needs to read holds longer than one they do not" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the app's plist still owns the identity the grants are attached to" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail row is past tense and comes from the same table as the live line" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the accessibility plane is never announced" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refused step lands in the trail with no settle time rather than a fabricated one" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a synthetic step says so, in words, once, naming the app that must stay in front" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel is on screen for a run and gone once the linger is over" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_act advertises pointerMarks and stays a non-idempotent actuator" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run starting inside the linger keeps the panel, even if the timer still fires" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a host run still has no target and still announces a synthetic step" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tool call dispatched under an attachment lands in the guest, not on this Mac" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an off-frame target clamps to the nearest edge and is flagged" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that failed or never settled is the error state, in red" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the live line is StepDescription's, in both timings, with no second wording table" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0236: every foreground path maps to the plane that raises the statement" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Pause and Resume are the same control, and never borrow the queue's words" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue still advertises exactly nineteen tools" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest run names the guest and says this Mac is free" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0238: an unrecognised path is never guessed into a background plane" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an explicit point is the target, tagged as a point" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held queue starts nothing at all, including the active session's own next run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_flow advertises pointerMarks for replay" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "either provider is enough" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the report still decodes when the new fields are absent" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "first come, first served within a lane" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0237: a background path does not report that plane" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no point, the acted element's frame centre is the target" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two runs against different apps both start" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every state a run reaches is readable from its words and colour alone" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a coordinate-less step marks nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pointer overlay round-trips every field" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the give-up ceiling is adjustable by the same kind of setting as the off-switches" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a whole-machine run at the head of the line is not walked past for ever" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pause with no step to name still says what it is, rather than going blank" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a result with no machine still decodes, so an older record is not lost" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the counter and the rail track the batch in flight" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the audit token is one stable token, not a sentence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch with no steps does not divide by zero" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attaching a running guest starts nothing" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the host says which platform it is, rather than leaving it to be assumed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session nobody told is on this Mac" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every object is fenced in quotes, supplied or derived" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two runs against the same app take turns" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a script names nothing derived, even when a node resolved" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "typed text, script bodies and set values never appear" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "carried text wins over the element for those three kinds" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a shortcut names the shortcut the actuator will run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a derived name cannot close the quotation and append a clause either" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no action the catalogue advertises is refused by the dispatcher as unknown" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel's phrase degrades by dropping clauses, never by printing an absence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every record written during one call shares that call's run identifier" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "markup in an app's own accessibility title is stripped too" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a menu step names its last path component" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "truncation does not split a grapheme cluster" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a freehand drag names a titled element but never a bare container" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a 400-character label is cut to the cap, on one line, with no ellipsis" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "then role description, then subrole, then role" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "machine survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a supplied name cannot close the quotation and append a clause" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every kind has an outcome line, in both outcomes, that never prints its raw value" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the trail holds the three most recent steps, newest last, with their settle times" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal names the action as a thing plus what happened" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the wording reads as English, hand-written per kind" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every kind produces a prospective line, distinct from the present one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty carried field falls through instead of blocking the next one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "angle brackets go but the name between them stays" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a label that cleans down to nothing falls back to the derived object" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "markup does not survive" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every kind produces a present-tense line naming the element, with no caller input" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only one whole-machine run anywhere at a time, and it holds the app it raises" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element with no name at all still yields its id, so the line is never empty" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no line is rendered by printing a kind's internal name" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step with nothing nameable reads as the action alone, with no dangling preposition" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a normal CaptureResult has no crop, so captures stay byte-identical" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "carried text is treated as the client's, not as Proctor's own reading" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run blocked on one app does not hold up a different app behind it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a paused run takes no clicks away from itself" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a region straddling the edge clamps to the visible pixels and says so" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "padding grows the element region on every side" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "waiting reads as waiting for the thing, not as acting on it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "pad grows a region symmetrically and is floored at zero padding" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "newlines, tabs and control characters collapse to one line" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame with no pixels cannot place a region" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a region entirely outside the frame is refused" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_zoom is advertised, read-only, and exposes region and node" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "at 2x a region doubles into native pixels" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_zoom rides in the core profile alongside capture, not in ax" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no two states rest on the same picture, so a glance tells them apart" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the manifest lists every picture once" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the seven states are exactly the design record's — none added, none dropped" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sub-pixel region rounds outward so the whole region is inside the crop" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a negative-origin region (element near the window edge) clamps to zero" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a moving state's loop has frames and a duration for each of them" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "idle, travelling and acting move; the other four hold still" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame already inside both ceilings is returned untouched" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "at 1x a region is its own pixel rect" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_zoom advertises a bespoke output schema with freshness and crop fields" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a zero-area region is refused, not cropped to nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every state has a picture, so no run state draws an empty bay" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "standard and double density ship; triple is produced as the brief asks" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every ending closes the gate" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a supplied label replaces the object, never the verb or the timing word" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a queue control that names no action is refused with the list" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fallback opens the gate and an accessibility success does not" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long, multi-line element title is capped and flattened as well" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the aspect ratio survives the reduction" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run in which every step refused still names its machine" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a zoom crop round-trips the crop descriptor and keeps the freshness fields" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the object falls back title, then description, then identifier" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a keystroke names the keystroke, not the field it lands in" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each tier's own ceiling is the one that binds" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "travelling and acting carry four drawn frames each, as the brief asks" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate follows the event, not the step's kind" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a yield parks its owner and leaves every other run alone" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element's screen frame converts to a window-relative region" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the plane comes from the window list, not from the handle's beliefs" passed after 2.043 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clean close is reported as closed, never as a timeout" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tie window is not the default tolerance, so ranking still works at the default" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two frames arriving in one chunk are both read" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the nearest placement wins in a container barely wider than the element" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a negative tolerance is clamped rather than matching nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a word outside the vocabulary parses to nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tolerance is one distance on both edges and on the centre" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a roomy container separates the placements outright" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element that fills its container ties on all three" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element hanging outside the container reads as outside, not inside" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a buffered line is served without waiting on the deadline" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trailing line with no terminator survives the close" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "three times the tolerance on an edge is custom, not left" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an identifier with no marker takes exactly the path it took before" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the routable scheme list is the shared set plus every row's own namespace" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a non-finite or negative frame is not measurable" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an identifier whose truncated base matches nothing falls back to the whole thing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default tolerance is the same one the other geometry kinds use" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web app names no lane under every combination of tool state" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a custom reading names every offset it measured" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "flags are present exactly when the handoff points at an instrument" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Every letter key maps to the virtual keycode Carbon names for it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate closes on the settle, not at the next step" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every flag set true has its subject stated in that instrument's prose" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every handoff carries a surface at both detail levels" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "chromiumFamily is computed from the scheme namespace and answers as before" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "parsing is forgiving about case and space and strict about the rest" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no queue control needs a run in flight" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame past the long edge is brought down to it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two offsets within the tie window tie; a clear winner does not" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "high-s signatures are accepted, because half of all honest signatures are high-s" passed after 2.043 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a channel variant is still a browser window, and a non-browser is still nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an installed web app identifies as one, hosted by its browser" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Mean difference reads all four bytes of every RGBA pixel" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a failure takes the same shape, and the object is kept where there is one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the lane unset, the new fields never carry the name either" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step the repeats disagreed about carries both subjects" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "unclassified is a value on the wire, never an absence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record's handle matches the namespace" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the semantic words parse to the physical ones" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "records with the new fields round-trip" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a line already written comes back whole" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the disclosure carries proctor_act's own evidence sentence, not a second wording" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue says a score can be taken over page content" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A minted run id is twelve lowercase hex characters, and two differ" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step measured on enough repeats publishes the number the fold computed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web app keeps the advice a browser window would have got about its page" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step written before hashSubject existed still decodes" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native sweep encodes none of the new keys" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "listing marks a browser and leaves everything else alone" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web app on a channel build is a web app, not a channel" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each instrument's flags are the documented ones, at both detail levels" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the reported word is always the physical one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a withheld sample is counted on the step, and omitted when there were none" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Each contact recorded on the unlock turn counts exactly once" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a column of one hash scores zero, which is why the count has to travel with it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same (provider, name) always produces the same handle" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attaching to a native app says nothing about browsers" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the fold reports the sample count its own instability was computed from" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the backstop is adjustable by the same kind of setting as the off-switch" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pause nobody resumes gives up on the backstop, and says that is what happened" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run nobody has touched is never held up" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Stop is seen at the next checkpoint and keeps being seen" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web app never reaches the ladder, whatever the page's scheme is" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a park with no nameable cause says that, rather than saying nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long park names the run and a person's pause as its cause" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both halts refuse under their own code, never as a policy rule or an app fault" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a new run starts with nobody's hand on it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default monitor reports a machine nobody is using" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attaching to a browser says it once, in full" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the start time in the identity key is a real one, so the probe can disagree with it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the diagnostic waits long enough that an ordinary pause never trips it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run parked on the process-wide latch does not park a fresh session" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long park names the automatic cause when that is what holds it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "finding an element in the page discloses; finding one in the toolbar does not" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session that names no latch does not get the process-wide one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a browser window with no page in it is not a page" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a captured step with a marker carries both file locations" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_stability advertises both switches, with the cost and the honesty caveat on them" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native step encodes no hashSubject" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the determinism fold reads hashes and nothing else, so no artifact can reach a score" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with neither switch set nothing is captured and the run says nothing new" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a quiet sample never yields, however many times it is read" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step whose capture failed still occupies its slot in the ledger" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the ledger keeps replay identity across runs, so one step is comparable between them" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a failed step encodes as step plus the error, in the two shapes it has" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a report with no captures omits the key entirely, so an existing caller's JSON is unchanged" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a capturing run warns that its timings are not comparable with one captured off" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the agent's own construction names both process-wide seams" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the determinism numbers survive the ledger being present, unchanged" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame with no marker says the marker had no target, but only when one was asked for" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the words are the queue's, never the run's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step whose capture failed is reported as producing nothing, without touching the run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session that names no monitor watches the quiet one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a body that completes returns nothing, and its work still happened" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replay that broke mid-flow reports the failing step and stops there" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reported drawing fault leaves doctor able to say the panel is gone and why" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step measured on fewer than two repeats publishes no instability number" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a report written before these fields existed still decodes" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-161 · the restart requirement is stated while Screen Recording is missing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · skipping reaches the same terminal state as completing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-056 · a grant is nominated in every state where one is still missing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · no primary button is labelled with a word that predicts nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · skip is drawn beside the refusal and nothing disables it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an activate on a free machine is not held up by the queue" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the switch is not a tool, so no host can put a person's stop button away" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the advertised switch names are the same constants the dispatcher reads" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · intro and connect never refuse, whatever macOS has answered" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · a reason exists exactly where the primary refuses, at all sixteen combinations" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-163 · the primary is filled only where it can be pressed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-162 · the design of record draws the way out on the pane that refuses" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · auto-advance fires only from granted, and only with both grants in" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · the walkthrough draws the disabled control rather than removing it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · identifiers are unique and namespaced" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no window named at all the panel still has somewhere to be" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no screens means no placement rather than a panel at the origin" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · a revocation refuses, explains, and does not trap" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a captured step encodes as step plus capture, unchanged" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-161 · the permissions sheet draws the restart note" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "asking for the marker with capture off switches capture on rather than doing nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the activity feed carries the phase the panel reduced" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a read-only tool is never destructive and is idempotent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the step is a pure function of its three inputs, at all eight combinations" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel docks off the usable corner, so a Dock cannot sit on top of it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · the primary refuses on permissions with a grant missing, and nowhere else" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same page probe routes in a browser and never in a native app" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · the footer draws the reason and hands it to the button" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replay that ended early is a divergence and its later steps are undersampled" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-035 · the walkthrough's unrendered twins are kept and differ from what ships" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the health report tells the four absences apart" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clean two-replay run yields one entry per step per replay, in step order" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dragged position is clamped back onto its screen, never off the edge" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pathological title costs bounded work and still yields the cap" passed after 2.042 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · the reason names every missing grant and agrees with the prominent one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a screen smaller than the panel pins it rather than producing a negative box" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it is docked into the screen's bottom-right corner at the reference's inset" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "exactly the actuating tools are destructive" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel goes on the screen holding the driven window" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-163 · the design draws the refusing primary plain, and says why" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an exception raised by Foundation itself is caught, not fatal" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-160 · the way out is drawn in every refusing state, and its condition reads one rule" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window on a display that is no longer there goes to the nearest one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "act is not idempotent, because typing twice types twice" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a caught fault does not poison the next call" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window straddling two screens goes to the one showing most of it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the stability output schema describes a ledger entry, not just an array" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every lane decision is byte-identical to the answers recorded before PRO-0035" passed after 2.045 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-056 · the row takes prominence as a parameter rather than deciding it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility frame converts into AppKit's y-up space" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-039 · the walkthrough view holds no string literal of its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-039 · the moved walkthrough copy is character-identical to what shipped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "buttons and keys are tracked separately, so one gesture cannot free another" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "hardware is held" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an un-pathed capture lands outside the operator's root, like an un-injected policy store" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a recorded flow lands outside the operator's root, like an un-pathed capture" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-056 · exactly one grant is prominent, at all four combinations" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "recording, listing, showing and deleting stay ungated and unrecorded" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a remapper's events are held, because they are the person's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a stability run of a blocked app is refused and reports no numbers" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Defaults: the four drawing switches are on, the other five are off" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "apps mutates session state but is non-destructive and idempotent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the swept root is the operator's own, and the reader reports a write into it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the step order has one path and one end" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Only the two lane switches carry an on-value" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Exactly one switch applies live; the other eight need a fresh agent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Escape stops the run and does not also reach the application" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel follows the driven window to the screen it is actually on" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the two chords that mean stop also stop the run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · the Screen Recording row states its restart requirement" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the live drive path is unchanged: one refusal entry, same message and remedy" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel is never sized to the union of the displays" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replay of a blocked app is refused before a single step is actuated" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a modifier is never held" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tagged event passes even when the pid is somebody else's, and vice versa" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step's cost is said in the unit that reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate judges the app being driven now, not the one the recording names" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a down the block swallowed takes its own up and its drags with it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a chord is exact, so the list cannot widen into anything with Command held" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane recommendation carries the scheme and never an address" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "our own posted Escape does not stop the run that posted it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-130 · an Apple Events step is labelled, not drawn as its wire word" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "kill is destructive and not idempotent, because a killed process cannot be killed again" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every counted sentence agrees with its number" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run whose outcome is unknown is never summarised as failed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every way out of a Mac that is driving itself is passed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "some worked and some did not reduces to mixed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unrecognised plane is echoed rather than dropped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a gate refusal lands on the run, not among steps that never ran" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "The catalogue names exactly the nine runtime switches" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an action nobody advertises is still refused, and says the eight" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every event Proctor posts passes, whatever it is" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the fault carries the exception's name and reason, so the next one is diagnosable" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "DEF-039 · the history view holds no user-facing literal of its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entry that cannot be opened is counted, never dropped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an executable directory named obscura is not the tool" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every outcome has its own mark, and halted is not a failure mark" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an up whose down was never swallowed passes" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the history scene's id and title have one definition" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing on the tool surface installs anything" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an advisory on its own reduces to recommended" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the run limit caps what comes back" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with Obscura installed the handoff still recommends it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the block's rule and the yield's rule disagree, and each is right" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record written outside a call is its own run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every step has a heading and a lede" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the gate forgets everything when the block goes down" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a target with no resolvable bundle id fails closed under an allow list" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a rewrite of the same length is reported as a change" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attach carries the absence through the encoded JSON, and no command with it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the queue's words are never the run's words" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the absent answer expires sooner than the present one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held queue keeps its bar even with nothing waiting, so Hold can be released" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the bar is absent entirely when nothing is waiting" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run taking the foreground outranks the phase, and readiness outranks it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch of handoffs costs one probe" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "delivery and stopping are separate questions, and one case is both" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single-instant run shows no duration rather than zero" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every ok reduces to ok" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the list shows every run that is not on the live line, running or waiting" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreachable agent keeps its status symbol, whatever the phase says" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's halt is told apart from the gate's refusal" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's stop outranks a failure" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "steps are ordered by the position the run recorded, not by arrival" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "records sharing a run become one run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record written before runs were recorded still reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Three switches require consent: the input block, the second lane, and overlay capture" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no records reduces to ok rather than crashing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the halt test reads only fields Proctor writes" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a snapshot of a page discloses the absence too" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every failure reduces to failed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the count counts only the waiting ones" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing on the doctor path can spawn anything" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two records with no run identifier stay two runs, not one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "positions renumber from one, so a drop leaves no gap" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the extra's own three wordings are the three that differ" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "cloning a guest that holds a slot is refused, with the reason" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a minted token carries a non-empty secret" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a token is valid before its expiry and invalid after, like the unlock turn" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing permission outranks the character" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the panel on, the health report says whether it is actually on screen" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "cloning a guest nobody holds still works" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an answer arriving after the bound is picked up by the next call" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a scoped token authorizes only its own bundle id; nil scope authorizes any" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the holder's idle ceiling is its own, not the queue's wait limit" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every named command id resolves, and title returns the catalogue's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · the permissions section has no branch for an unreachable agent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run refused at its first repeat throws rather than reporting an empty measurement" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a slot nobody frees is reaped by the next caller" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a straggler's abandon does not count against a later attempt" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sub-millisecond budget does not expire instantly" passed after 2.043 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a definite answer resets the backoff" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a wedged probe does not hold the slot forever" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · the agent-down block is what draws while a grant is being applied" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the scene names have one definition, not four" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the agent's own writers reach the same constants" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the pool report says capacity, who holds what, and how many wait" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a straggler does not free a later attempt's slot" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "neither new source turns a Maestro command into an actuation step" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a waiter can read an answer that landed while it was waiting" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a caller arriving inside the bound joins rather than starting a second probe" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal outranks a plain success" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a definite answer is cached for the life of the process" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the run's span comes from its records" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cloud analysis flag is never constructed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver that never answers gives up when the budget it was given is spent" passed after 2.043 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every shortcut is written with the named glyphs and one key" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the log line reads exactly as it did before the move" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a working agent shows the character in the run's own state" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the tools note states that Proctor installs nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the retry backs off, and is capped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the flow action is in the catalogue and carries what it does not prove" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a bar that did not move did not scroll" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a live peer keeps its slot" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with Maestro absent the action refuses without handing over a command" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attached session polling a host-only tool is not treated as idle" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a scroll bar moves by lines per page fraction, and stops at the ends" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only a granted state counts as confirmed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "several waiters giving up on one probe count as one attempt" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "reading the pool runs no provider, so a health check still costs no VM" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the window reads the agent's payload through named constants" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a write is judged by reading it back" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "line height and lines per page derivation" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the menu bar's lines read exactly as they did before the move" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the copy a person reads is here, not in a view body" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Maestro's own configuration is read and never written" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an adjacent workspace config is found beside a flow, and its absence is not an error" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a skeleton is the height of the row it stands in for" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · every state resolves to a section list, and only ready and partial are full" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the list of copy is the whole of the copy" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · identifiers are unique and namespaced" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the state mapping is a decision, not a view-body branch" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · a switch row's identifier is derived from its variable, so a rename is a red test" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the short listing measured on Parallels 26.4.0" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the bound is shorter than the window's doctor poll" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · the Tools card names Copy.toolsNote, and no view draws the twin" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the full-screen statement cannot be raised from here" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the info listing uses ID / Name / State / OS" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a Linux Parallels guest is delegated" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · unconfirmed and unavailable are different answers and are drawn differently" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run's own line is fenced the way every other object on the panel is" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a caller arriving past the bound answers now and starts nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the drawn pointer cannot be raised from here" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only known running words count as running" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed answer is never cached" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session already on a guest is not refused here" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the phase is reduced with no panel anywhere" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the input block cannot be armed from here" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "darwin is macOS, not Windows — the substring trap, pinned" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every string the window can say is enumerable, and none is a duplicate" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a takeover batch with a guest configured refuses the host and names it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record nested below the debug directory is still found" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the switch starts where the environment put it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the window names its copy rather than quoting it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Show is refused, with its reason, where no click could be delivered" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "linux words are recognised, and a dash is not a guess" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a listing that names Windows is windows, even when the name is noisy" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no new tool verb, and the doctor output schema documents the new fields" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "macOS guests are recognised by family and by release name" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a macOS guest is native; anything else is delegated" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary page never reaches the second lane, whatever is installed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a directory with no record reads as a driver failure rather than an empty run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a Safari window with Obscura gone is told Obscura is gone, not handed a Chromium agent" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the audit trail names the flow and its repeats apart from every drive path" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reply that names no machine gains none" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "recording an unconfirmed answer does nothing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the configured name is the trimmed environment value" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "this process has not claimed to be the agent" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a give-up count below one is refused rather than making every restart instant" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the applying state gone, the same unreachable agent draws the red" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the give-up counts probes rather than elapsed time" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a restart that never comes back is abandoned and the agent is reported down" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the Maestro lane registers no actuation backend" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a second restart is not judged on the first one's probes" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Every other variable passes through untouched" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attach has no page to route on, so it never reaches the second lane" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the guest calling itself the host is corrected to name the guest" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Saving a drawing switch off writes an off-value rather than removing the key" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A saved preference reaches each original reader unchanged" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Declining a capability removes it, so no reader can see it set" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a settled watch is not reopened by a later probe" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An environment value survives the fold, so precedence holds downstream" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a restart that outlives 1.2 s never draws the agent-down state" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the four verbs the window calls are the four the agent routes" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the 1.2-second beat before the first probe is not raised" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the activity feed carries the keys the menu bar reads out of it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an enabled lane reaches the encoded JSON of a page result with its reason" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the withheld reading is still on the step it was taken for" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dirty rect that only overlaps contributes its intersection" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "overlapping dirty rects are not double counted" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the run panel's payload carries exactly the keys the window reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "unset, or a batch that would not take the Mac, stays on the host" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dirty rect outside the region contributes nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the wire shape carries everything the menu bar needs and nothing else" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the native lane still refuses a background click" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "lanes are untouched by the grants partition" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the agent-down state draws the notice and nothing else" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Proctor stands down when it cannot be, because that is the half it can enforce" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "probes arriving when no restart was asked for are not counted" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dirty rect inside the region contributes all of itself" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dirty rect covering the region reads as fully dirty" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an event with no readable source is still not ours" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the delegating driver's own events pass" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's click on Stop still ends the run on the first press" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver's message is attributed and quoted rather than presented as Proctor's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no delegated identity the pass rule is byte-identical to before" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an older agent's Shortcuts CLI row does not reach the readiness pane" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "touching edges do not overlap" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a message that cleans away to nothing falls through rather than printing an attribution" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the native lane always draws Proctor's own pointer" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a recognised driver's click passes before the Stop rectangle is consulted" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver's own event is not a person, so it cannot hold the run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a build that says nothing about its cursor fails closed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "without the identity the same click stops the run, which is the defect" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a region with no area is unmeasurable, not quiet" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated batch says which lane it is, on one row, in one sentence" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Proctor draws when the driver can be asked to stand down" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the two probes are cached independently and expire on their own terms" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no dirty rects at all is a measured zero" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the native lane's wording is unchanged in every phrasing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a source pid of zero can never be admitted, whatever the set contains" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cursor stand-down is asked for on every act, not assumed from the probe" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a build that says it can stand down is taken at its word for the pointer" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the lane names itself" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "changed durations and timestamps do not diverge — measured 634/91/88/96/91 ms" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Escape and the panic chords are unaffected by the widening" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record with no commands is a parse failure, not an empty run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an indeterminate step is the last result in its repeat" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a build that does not say whether it can stand down fails closed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app that went away outranks a failed assertion" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "exit 1 with a failed app command is a flow failure, not a driver one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver that reports no pid at all is simply unrecognised, never a refusal" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a changed status diverges at that command's position" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the absence message explains without handing over a command to run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a keyboard remapper's pid is still held, which is the hole this must not open" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Maestro's own failing record carries the error and its hierarchy" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the kernel, launchd and the agent itself are protected" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "markup, newlines and control characters do not survive the fencing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "name matching is case-insensitive and honours exact vs substring" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a query selects by pid, by bundle id and by name, each on its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pid the driver claims is recognised only when the process corroborates" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a liveness channel that stopped answering is the device, not the app" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a harness-only failure is a driver failure, not the app's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "parameter canonicalisation is key-order independent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver's quotation cannot close the one around it and append a clause" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the invocation flattens its debug output and never asks for the cloud" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty query names nothing, never everything" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identical exit codes, opposite verdicts — the record is the discriminator" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both observed record filenames are found, and nothing else is" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run carries the bundle id, never the session handle" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identical repeats fold to deterministic" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an error message never enters the score" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "killing reuses the policy gate: block wins, allow-list fails closed, sensitive needs a token" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a harness failure alongside an app failure stays the app's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal carries the driver's words attributed, not as Proctor's own sentence" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pid that does not corroborate is treated as no pid at all" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single repeat cannot be deterministic" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cut cannot split a grapheme cluster" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long message is cut at a diagnostic length, not at the HUD's line cap" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a timeout is a driver failure and says so" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · and again at the 80x24 floor, which is what still exists everywhere" with 11 test cases passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the partition is the window's rule rather than a second opinion about which is which" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it does not give up while the budget it was given is unspent, however long that takes" passed after 2.046 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_policy status still answers in full" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an all-accessibility delegated batch still says the lane may take the front" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every pane renders exactly what the mock compiled, at 100x30" with 11 test cases passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no per-command record is a driver failure, whatever the exit code said" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar set is a second size, not a second character" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Maestro's own passing record parses in sequence order, with injected commands marked" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a recommendation that cannot be recorded never fails the call carrying it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clean run is flowPassed and claims only what the driver reported" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both of Proctor's bundle identifiers count as Proctor-owned" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a repeat of the same advice is the same act, and is recorded once" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "not looking and finding nothing are different answers" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar item is 22 points" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an opaque single-colour frame is content, not a defect" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app-level handoff with no address at all records no scheme" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a kill audit record names the target and outcome and sets no secret slot" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a change of scheme records again" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different label at the same place is a disagreement" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the entry is an advisory, not an actuation, and carries no sentence from the handoff" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two identical buttons under the same parent refuse rather than guess" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · nothing is clipped at the floor, so the floor is proven not hoped for" with 11 test cases passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "naming a lane writes one entry carrying the tool, the browser, the lane and the rule" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pair separable only by position is refused, not resolved by the position" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no panel standing means no screen names one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty frame over a foreign window reports what was measured" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tint sits below the run panel, so Pause and Stop stay visible" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a unique chain matches" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Reduce Motion drops the fades and Reduce Transparency plates the label" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a truncated view can never say absent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two observers describing the same element agree" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default is the panel's own screen, so an unaware caller overclaims nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no display attached means no screen names one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that only might need the front announces nothing until one does" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch with a certainly synthetic step announces itself before it runs" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a candidate somewhere else on screen is a disagreement" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel's screen is the one holding most of it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hold nobody fought does not claim somebody fought it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the screen holding the panel is told about the panel" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a chain deeper than the candidate's ancestry is a different element" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a complete view with no match says the element is absent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a half install is unusable and names the missing companion" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility batch never draws it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two OK buttons under different parents are told apart by their ancestry" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held keyboard says Esc on every display, because Esc is not on one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an arming is bounded by the step's own duration and by a ceiling" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a changed command parameter diverges, because identity is not the type alone" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unmeasured frame is untrustworthy with a reason, not untrustworthy in silence" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the overlay is on by default and the block is off by default" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that showed but held nothing says which of the two it was" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the held duration is milliseconds over a thousand, to one decimal" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refused preflight reports the stage it refused at, and is not repeated" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty frame over a Proctor-owned window states the exclusion" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the report reaches the wire, and is absent from a result that never drew" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "supplied conditions combine as a conjunction, narrowing the match" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an inert foreground request draws nothing, because it takes nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the application's own name is fenced, and its absence is not a hole" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a located tool never reports that nothing is known about it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a correctly signed driver is unconfirmed, not usable, and says what is missing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "presence is not enough for the driver, and an unchecked signature says so" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one interruption reads as once, and two as a count" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the modifier flags are distinct bits, so no chord can stand in for another" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the label claims a hold only while one is armed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tint never takes a click and never enters a capture" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that held the machine says for how long and how often it was fought" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only the run's controls need a run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "overrides an operator set are named in the row" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the write is watched: every path it creates is recorded, and each is 0600" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a handoff that names no lane records nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element with no geometry on either side is not a disagreement" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that drew nothing says nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every picture the frame table names ships at every density" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tool that is not there is unusable, and the evidence says absent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sentinel commit is never also dirty" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a version off the install layout is reported as the layout's claim" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a screen without the panel is sent to the menu bar instead" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "presence settles the tools Proctor only ever calls as a one-shot" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "inspect refuses with its own code rather than returning a shape" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no part of the address is recorded, whatever the page" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the liveness reads answer nil rather than guessing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the running program draws what the renderer produces, at 100x30" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a captured identity does not change when the file on disk is replaced" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ad-hoc or wrongly signed driver is unusable and will not be run" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a heading that only matches as a regex is not this version's section" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a CHANGELOG section with a heading and nothing under it fails" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the halt names the act and not a surface that may not have been used" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every picture is one square footprint at its density" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the compiled version is a real release line, not a placeholder" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dirty tree is not the commit it was built from" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "checkedAt travels with the verdict" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "parsing is forgiving about case and space and strict about the rest" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the compiled commit is a real commit, not a sentinel or a stub" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Stop from a supervision client sets the latch the run loop reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long section passes rather than tripping on a broken pipe" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tag, a version and real notes that agree pass" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "debug and release are not the same program" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · and at the 80x24 floor, where a wide glyph would have torn a border" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a completed preflight is the only thing that makes the driver confirmed usable" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tag missing its v prefix fails rather than passing on a technicality" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "outside a git checkout the commit is unknown and everything else is real" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two commits are two descriptors" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the words are the run's, never the queue's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing read from a file can escape into the generated Swift" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a version with no CHANGELOG section fails" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the descriptor is never empty, whatever the inputs" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated batch whose driver reported no pid takes the exclusive lane" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the measured healthy report shows the idle character" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver that reported no pid is outstanding but never recognised" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver's pid is recognised while its call is in flight" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "builtAt reads a named file's date, and is nil when it cannot" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Automation ungranted is not what takes the character away" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each required grant, missing on its own, takes it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two calls on one driver are retained, so the first to end does not drop it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the generator leaves no temporary file for the compiler to pick up" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an escalation the batch did not ask for is flagged" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the running executable resolves to a real path" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a swallow during a delegated call is never reported as a person" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a panel off every screen is placed on the nearest, as the panel itself is" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two builds of one clean commit are one program, separated only by when" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the delivery mode is requested explicitly on every call" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the suppression covers a recognised driver too, not only an unrecognised one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility action reports the accessibility plane" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "secure event input makes ready false, and gets its own symbol anyway" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver that dies mid-step is a refusal, not a change of plane" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the generator writes an identity even when it can read nothing at all" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a report naming no required grants is not a report saying they are granted" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the native lane's own lane demand is untouched by any of this" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "running the generator twice does not rewrite the file" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element that moved between the look and the strike refuses" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "membership outlives the call by the grace, so a gesture's tail is not stripped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that resolves on the second look records that it retried" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "steps that never actuated do not make a same-lane tape look mixed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a call that never ends expires at the ceiling rather than leaking forever" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hostile driver message cannot change the line the panel shows" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated batch whose driver is recognised shares the machine as before" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two identical candidates refuse rather than picking one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a vocabulary this build cannot map refuses at the gate" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unsupported version can be forced, and forcing is stamped" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pixel path is background-safe and still the least durable evidence" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reported pid of zero or Proctor's own is refused and reads as unrecognised" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing binary refuses without pretending it could be installed" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step with no equivalent is refused, never handed to the native planes" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "With neither source, every switch falls to its built-in default" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tag naming a different version than the app fails" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unrecognised path is unknown, never a guess" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 6: Menu-bar key equivalents, keyboard shortcuts, and modifier reconstruction" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element the driver cannot see refuses, with no coordinate substituted" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A saved preference is used when the environment is silent, and does not lock" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a truncated view refuses as ambiguous rather than as absent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 7: iOS companion device management, deep-link dispatch, and Maestro runner lifecycle" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a foreground path is the shared stream, whatever else it is called" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unsupported version refuses before any step" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the delegated lane is entered only by asking for it by name" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 4: Visual UI, geometry, and accessibility audit (frame, alignment, contrast, hit size, focus order, and tri-observer agree)" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a legitimate multi-step tape on the same lane replays" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each signature failure says which one it was" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run in which nothing actuated still names the lane that refused it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window on another Space refuses by name, because this lane cannot reach it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "No capability switch ever reports itself locked, under any combination" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Off wins from either source for a capability switch, and it never locks" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "releasing twice is a no-op, so a ceiling and a release cannot both account for a call" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element replaced by a different one is not there, rather than moved" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a background click reaches the routed-event plane" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no expectation is skipped, and still reports what it observed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "The pairing warning rides on the capability's own state" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an alias passes and is reported as the physical word" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step naming no element needs no snapshot at all" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a driver that says it is unhealthy refuses, and its own word is the reason" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a placement that cannot be read back is not a placement" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the dimmed pointer is still legible" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a compact container still decides, by nearest fit" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Every switch appears, in catalogue order, with its source and timing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a container given as a rectangle is measured against directly" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tape recorded on the other lane refuses" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window with no frame and no container given is skipped" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tape whose later steps were recorded on another lane refuses" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "resolveAll returns every switch in catalogue order" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "trailing is accepted for the right edge, closing the shipped asymmetry" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no container the window frame is used, and the outcome says so" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the container hint is absent when a container was supplied" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element that fills its container is skipped rather than resolved by precedence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a container that was asked for and has no frame is skipped, not answered" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a binary that is not signed by the expected identity is refused, not run" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An ordinary switch takes the environment over a saved preference, and locks" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An environment off-value beats an on preference" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default container is lossless, because a lossy default would trade text for bytes nobody is billed for" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unmeasurable container is skipped rather than classified against" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a package path containing spaces is handled" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the written file's extension matches what was written into it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame that cannot be measured horizontally is skipped, not classified" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a wrong-but-known placement says what it is instead, without the container advice" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a second button's press is tracked separately" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a container that resolves is what the placement is measured in" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 5: High-resolution zoom & region crop visual fidelity inspection" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the up that stops the run is swallowed rather than delivered" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a repository git cannot answer for reads unavailable, not unknown" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a click that never touched the button is swallowed, exactly as before" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "either source field alone is enough for our own click to pass" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a rectangle that arrives between the down and the up cannot invent a press" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reset forgets a pending press, so nothing carries into the next run" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the default tolerance is one point, the same as every other geometry kind" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "our own click passes and is never read as a press" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no rectangle published nothing can stop the run by mouse" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "start / stop / clone use the published verbs and then re-read" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lume that rejects every spelling reports lume's own words" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the rectangle is not consulted at all while one of our posts is in flight" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a half install is available and says what is missing beside it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a launchd PATH still finds a Homebrew install" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a subject exposing no frame is skipped" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tape recorded before backends existed replays without complaint" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a word outside the vocabulary is skipped with the list, not failed" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "~ is expanded from the supplied home and never survives into the search list" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lume that only knows --format json is listed, not reported missing" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the spellings a caller actually types all parse, and an unknown one is refused rather than guessed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "install commands are architecture-specific and land both executables together" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "PATH is searched before the explicit list, and the found path is reported" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a complete install wins over an earlier incomplete one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the absence carries no shell command anywhere in it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a candidate the predicate rejects is skipped and the search continues" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the host itself is refused — there is nothing to forward onto" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's press on Stop ends the run, and it is decided on the up" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty host is refused; a supplied socket is honoured" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an up away from the button is a cancel, and is still swallowed" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native macOS guest produces a StreamLocal recipe" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a post beginning mid-click does not lose the press" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the encoded recipe never carries a shell command" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "quoted values are unwrapped" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an interpolated openLink is opaque rather than collected" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a blocked declared app refuses the flow" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a custom failure carries every offset and, against the window, the fix" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a config.yaml beside the flow is scanned with it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the app a device resolves an openLink to is gated, even when the flow declares another" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty policy runs the flow and reports the construct instead" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a runFlow include is followed and its apps are gated with the parent's" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an openLink URL is collected for device resolution, not read from the file" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the header appId and a different launchApp target are both collected" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unresolvable link is refused under an allow list" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a page Obscura could not open anyway gains no absence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an interpolated app id is an opaque target" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "include cycles and runaway nesting terminate" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "list asks lume 0.5.x first, then the older spellings" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app id under a key the scan does not model is collected anyway" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unresolvable construct is refused under an allow list, a block list or the sensitive set" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window with no correlated id is marked rather than trusted" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both detail levels carry the same absence" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a present tool changes nothing at all" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "PROCTOR_YIELD resolves exactly as ContentionMonitor reads it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing tool drops the recommendation, keeps the URL, and says why" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "PROCTOR_YIELD_INPUT resolves exactly as ContentionMonitor reads it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A7 · the surface reads the wire and holds nothing, so it needs no grant" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A saved off removes PROCTOR_YIELD_INPUT from what the monitor reads" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a script is reported as a capability, not as an unresolved app id" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an allow list judges the ios-qualified key, never the bare bundle id" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A saved off leaves PROCTOR_YIELD present and off for the monitor" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · an agent that answers but is too old is a different state, with a different remedy" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every pane is one keystroke away, so a person is never more than one from Stop" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a space before the colon does not hide a key" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sensitive declared app needs a token" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · a command that cannot act is dimmed, never absent" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · Stop is offered on every pane a run can be running under" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing yet is 'connecting', which is not the same as nothing there" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app-level handoff with no window discloses the absence too" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a free lane reads as a dash rather than as zero seconds waited" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held run says who is holding it, in Proctor's own words" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a comment does not contribute, and a file name is not a bundle id" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "menu-bar items take title case, which is the sourced convention" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · shortcuts are unique across the whole surface" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every lane carries a fail-closed boolean that agrees with its state" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · the panel switch needs an agent launched with the panel enabled" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a denied grant makes the Mac lane unavailable" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the design's floor is the one that still exists everywhere" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the kill switch is reachable from every surface that has one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the Mac lane needs no tool at all, only its grants" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · an unreachable agent names the reason and offers the remedy as a key" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · every command offered anywhere also exists in the menu bar" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "selecting the lane changes the note, not the verdict" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "quality is clamped into the band where UI text survives, and defaults inside it" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a grant that is not required cannot break a lane" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "YAML constructs a line scan cannot follow are reported rather than scanned past" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cua lane is unconfirmed when the driver is there but nothing established it" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every command has an id, a title and a menu, and ids are unique" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every menu has commands and every command lands in one" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each signal appears only when it was available" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Maestro's absence is a note on the iOS lane, never a blocker" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the client blocks by default, because a tool call is not a poll" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "quiet cannot be claimed over no signals at all" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a payload containing newlines survives, which newline framing would not" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the browser lane follows Obscura, and names browser-use only when the operator did" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant makes the Mac lane unconfirmed, never unavailable" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a round trip preserves the request" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing guest is refused by name" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the switch reading is unchanged, so this is a second term and not a new default" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the pane you are on is the only one in upper case, which survives losing colour" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an entitled process still honours the switch" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "dropping the pixel signal changes what the verdict is over" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the mutation runner leaves closure shorthand alone" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing found reports everywhere it looked, in order and without repeats" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "activate always takes the global lane, because it changes what is in front" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it also takes the app lane when the target is already attached" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unattached target takes no app lane rather than a key from another space" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing tool row is unavailable rather than unconfirmed" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a leaf carries its shortcut decomposed for the act key step" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a registry merge that drops a key is caught" passed after 2.041 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a partial frame yields nothing until it completes" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a parent menu is a row with a submenu and no shortcut" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "separators are dropped, not emitted as blank rows" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a denial outranks a non-answer" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it contends with a batch driving the same app, which is the point" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_menu is advertised, read-only, non-destructive and idempotent" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue tells a caller that activate can now wait" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an include Proctor cannot read is an opaque target, not an error" passed after 2.040 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · a frame that stopped arriving is reported stale, not drawn as current" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a Linux guest is refused, and so is a delegated macOS one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a virtual keycode resolves to its key name" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant does not wear the missing-permission triangle" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "command is implied unless the no-command bit is set" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing about the third state disturbs a healthy Mac" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a character equivalent normalises cmd-first and lowercased" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every kind has a past form, so no trail row can fall back to a raw kind name" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no resolvable key means no shortcut, whatever the modifiers say" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lazily-populated submenu is one row and its contents are not fabricated" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the answer the old question misdirected from is still said, in its own sentence" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant still takes the character off the menu bar" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the status-bar band is excluded from a device comparison" passed after 2.057 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the two surfaces offer the same words for the same control" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the button names the destination and asks nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "permission keys Proctor does not recognise are dropped and counted" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session that keeps queueing is refused rather than allowed to starve the others" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "giving up says the machine was busy and where the call stood" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a target nobody can see gets no pointer at all" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unknown tool falls back to an open object rather than nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a bespoke schema documents the tool's own fields" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two frames in one read are both recovered" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a correlated window that is on screen gets the pointer in its own plane" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no panel and no resolved target both mean do not step aside" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant outranks a locked keyboard" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step naming nothing has no object, so a pause says so rather than trailing off" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a function-key character is rejected so the virtual key wins" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the AppKit and Quartz transforms are inverses" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a drag that crosses the panel with both ends outside it still moves it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a name is fenced wherever it appears, live line or trail, whoever supplied it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step posting away from the panel does not move it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a display above the menu bar is not inverted, because the flip is against the primary" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both terms are required, so a switched-on surface still needs an entitled process" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A6 · every sheet says when its decision takes effect" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · exactly the switches that hand something away ask" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · watching input to notice a person sooner does not confirm" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a multi-segment route is tested at every segment" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the disclosure names the mechanism honestly rather than softening it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every tool profile exposes proctor_menu, since it is a pure accessibility read" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel's own edges count as being in the way" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's removal is never reported as a failed step" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing picture never claims everything is fine" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row built from a lane report contains no free text from the driver" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a menu glyph resolves to its key name" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the destructive tools keep their annotation through the verb table" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every tool advertises an object output schema" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every non-separator item becomes a row with its full menu path" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · every tool in the catalogue has a verb" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · turning a capability on asks; turning it off never does" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · the pairing sheet leads with the recovery, not the risky path" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · reads do not queue, and everything that actuates does" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A8 · completion is generated from the catalogue, for the shells that have one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · verb names are unique and do not collide with the service verbs" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two models built the same way are equal" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the field list here is the field list on Model" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · no sheet ships a shell command" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every exit code carries a distinct meaning" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tool's disclosure names its tool, so seven of them are seven names" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · a gate's refusal exits 4, and a missing grant exits 5" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · exit 1 and exit 3 are never the same answer" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no switch toggle is nameless, and no two share a name" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the whole surface's controls are distinct together, not just within a kind" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the repeated permission controls name their permission" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a difference in any one field makes two models unequal" with 13 test cases passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A7 · nothing the CLI prints carries an install command" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the restack held only when the panel is immediately above its target" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the identifier list names every grant the health report carries" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no identifier is emitted twice, so a row cannot be confused for another" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every verb whose schema needs an array or an object can now be given one" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a flag wins over the same key on stdin" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty name is refused, which is the defect this replaces" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the scalars the wire distinguishes are still distinguished" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing piped is nothing piped, not a malformed document" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the pairing sheet appears exactly when the notice is off" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a value that opens like JSON and is not JSON stays the string it is" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a bracketed value is parsed as JSON, so a step batch survives the flag" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unset environment takes the defaults" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "stdin that is not JSON, and stdin that is JSON but not an object, differ" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a note with nothing to say about the span still reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the remedy names the token the parser actually takes" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the age cap fires on its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the window remaining reports both dials" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a zero start time is treated as unknown rather than as 1970" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no environment value means unbounded" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the entry cap fires on its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unknown start time leaves the age cap dormant and the entry cap live" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the rotation note commits to what was discarded" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a set environment is honoured within the range" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an object on stdin names arguments" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that only touches the accessibility plane leaves the machine alone" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a full window reports nothing left rather than a negative" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's clear is told apart from a cap being reached" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "takesForeground is exactly the predicate the scheduler already applied" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an inert request says nothing on the panel either" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a raise with a dead foreground request is still a raise" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the kinds with no accessibility route at all are counted as certain" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with nothing piped, the flags are the arguments" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clock moved backwards does not rotate" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ignored request is reported rather than silently corrected" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a foreground request still counts when a step in the batch could use it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Variable names equal the constants the agent reads" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "type and scroll are counted apart, because their plane is the element's decision" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every tool has a unique name, a description and an object schema" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty batch asks for nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tools that change state are not marked read-only" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nineteen tools are advertised" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "days clamp to their range" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a file that grew in place is a different build" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the generator tells a dirty tree from a clean one" passed after 2.046 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a path nobody can stat says nothing either way" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only the words that mean running mean running" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a raise takes the front without a synthetic step; a bare request does not" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unchanged file reads as the build that is running" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated machine cannot evaluate a tree assertion, and says why" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replaced file is a different build even at the same size" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Resolving through the catalogue agrees with each original reader" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "entries clamp to their range" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unlisted app under no allow list is allowed" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "any one of the watched paths moving is enough" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "block wins even when the same app is also on the allow list" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native machine evaluates everything" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the delegated facts survive a round trip" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an allow list refuses anything it does not name, including an unidentifiable app" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the new planes and effects carry their wire names" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an escalation nobody asked for outranks every other sentence" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clean background run still discloses nothing" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unproven step changes the sentence, not just a new field" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sensitive app needs a token: refused without, allowed with" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "everything else does not, including the states a real listing returns" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a slot already held counts against the cap" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two is Apple's number, and it is a parameter rather than a property of the case" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attachment takes its guest and its pool together, never one at a time" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a false flag is omitted rather than written as false" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every platform has a stated capacity, so the macOS cap cannot go missing" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two sessions naming the same guest serialise even with a slot free" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a linux guest is not counted against the macOS cap" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated machine can still assert on pixels" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "FIFO holds within the pool: a later guest does not overtake an earlier one" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a routed event is an injected event that did not take the machine" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "History is not the Status window" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step the native backend ran encodes no new keys" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the plan has no way to evict, so a full pool queues rather than freeing a slot" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the lanes print themselves for the panel and the health report" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing Proctor-titled window must be created, not ordered" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the macOS capacity is 2 and other platforms are not capped by Proctor" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "mismatched title and visibility arrays refuse to guess" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one scan cannot admit three into two slots" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the mutex lanes behave exactly as they did, with the pool parameters absent" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different guest starts while one is held" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a setValue string is redacted the same way a typed value is" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a script body is redacted into the script slot, not the value slot" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pool with no stated capacity is unbounded, not a mutex" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a visible Proctor window is left alone" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ordered-out Proctor window still presents" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a non-secret step carries no redaction but still accounts for the action" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal is recorded as its own accounted-for event with a reason" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "empty output is refused the same way, and says how much arrived" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a background-safe run has nothing to disclose" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a typed secret never appears in the audit line in the clear" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the report survives a round trip, since it goes out on the wire" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a truncated listing is a named refusal, not a decoder's error escaping" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "what a run needed is measured from the planes its steps travelled" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a full pool marks rather than breaking the scan, so host runs behind it start" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that never ran counts as nothing rather than as a synthetic one" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a value is stored as length plus SHA-256, verifiable against a known input" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a well-formed listing still parses" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that only raised the app still says it is not background-safe" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "touching a file replaces nothing and raises nothing" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a blocked bundle id is refused with a reason, not driven" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an act result without the block still decodes, so an older reader is not broken" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the key that sealed it reads it back byte for byte" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every entry records which key sealed it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a tampered ciphertext or header fails to open rather than decoding to something else" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0232: a stood-down pointer is stated, and it also survives a step" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a corrupt line comes back as nil instead of throwing into the read path" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0241: a synthetic step in flight still says so when no escalation has happened" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0233: an escalation outranks a stood-down pointer when both hold" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0235: a new run clears both, so one run's disclosure cannot leak into the next" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sealed entry is still exactly one JSONL line" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that took the front says the result is not a background-safe one" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a readable entry is told apart from a sealed one" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the extras item being up is not the Status window being up" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_doctor is the one agent verb that is also a catalogue tool" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0234: a guest run states neither, because it takes nothing from this Mac" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail of entries opens back in the same shape and the same order" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0231: the escalation survives the steps that follow it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue ships 21 tools, each named once" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the drive paths are named distinctly, in the tool.subaction form" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no internal agent verb has a catalogue spec, so tools/call refuses it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal reads identically whichever tool asked" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sealed line carries none of the record's text" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "another key cannot read it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "refused before the first repeat fails the call; refused later stops it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each entry is sealed independently, so two identical entries do not look identical" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an approval valid at the first repeat can be invalid at a later one" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unidentifiable replay target fails closed under an allow list" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0230: an unrequested escalation reaches the exception line" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "consecutive points are no more than the spacing apart" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a cut-short run says how many repeats it measured and why it stopped" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Every capability that acts on the person is paired; overlay capture is not one" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the endpoints the caller asked for are the endpoints posted" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long path is capped rather than posting thousands of events" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a path that does not move still yields a press and a release" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single point cannot be a drag and is returned untouched" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app with no commands is classified not scriptable with a route hint" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A warning appears only when the capability is on and its notice is off" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a class-extension is captured, named by what it extends, and its properties count" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a realistic sdef parses into suites, commands, classes and enumerations" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the dictionary tool sits in the scripting profile, preserving the nesting" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the per-app cache hits for the same handle and misses after a relaunch" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "counts aggregate across every suite" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replayed step is redacted exactly as a live one, under the replay's name" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the profiles nest ax ⊂ core ⊂ scripting ⊂ full" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "empty or malformed input degrades to a not-scriptable result rather than throwing" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cap holds even when the supplied path already exceeds it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the kit tier holds the values Apple published, not this design's choices" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "full is the whole catalogue" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the capability summary is one line naming the app, scriptability and counts" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the front moving away yields, and coming back releases" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · dark is authored, never derived from light" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · every token carries a tier from the closed set" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a profile argument parses case-insensitively; junk and empty do not" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_dictionary is advertised, read-only, non-destructive and object-schema'd" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · every meaningful text tier clears its floor in both appearances" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every supplied vertex survives, so a path with a corner keeps its corner" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the panel prints the project and the short id, never a pid" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "resuming past one reason does not blind Proctor to another" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the accent is the one the design settled on" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "membership matches the documented clusters" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a result with no yields encodes exactly as it did before this existed" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an event Proctor posted is never read as a person's" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two reasons at once release only when both have gone" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "secure input outranks the frontmost reading when both hold" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app Proctor asked for but never got is not somebody taking it away" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "and it re-arms once that reason has cleared and recurred" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a yielded run wears the quiet held state, not a new one" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the window still ends the hold, so a stale arrival does not park the run" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run nothing contended with says nothing at all" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an arrival since the last look holds, however old the timestamp is" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "secure keyboard entry yields, and releases when it goes off" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's own input yields and decays rather than sitting forever" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an event carrying no CGEvent at all is not evidence of a person" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every reason has its own line, and none of them reads as a fault" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hold survives one sample of the condition flickering" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "carrying on returns to the step it was holding before" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that was held says how long and why" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Resume overrides the episode, so the same condition does not re-yield" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an event from some other process is not a person either" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sample with neither an arrival nor a timestamp holds nothing" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fresh keystroke still holds on the window alone, with no arrival flag" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the grace window covers an arrival Proctor's own post caused" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing parseable is nil, not a lenient guess" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run driving the app it raised never yields, however many steps it posts" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a release candidate for the floor is below the floor" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pre-release keeps its tail rather than being rounded to a release" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Proctor's own windows in front are not somebody taking the machine" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every profile is a real subset of the catalogue and keeps apps and doctor" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element frame maps to the expected pixel box, window origin subtracted then scaled" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two sessions are the same only when the same process is behind them" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a zero-area element carries no place to draw a box and is dropped" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a nightly of the next minor is not the current one" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the supported window is one minor version, inclusive at the floor" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the generated table has not drifted from the mock it came from" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same sample without the arrival does not hold, so the flag is what fires" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no grid is produced when it is not asked for" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a partially visible element is marked with its box clamped to the image" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element outside the captured frame gets no mark" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the mark cap truncates in reading order and reports what it dropped" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every mark carries its source node, role and label for the map back" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same elements produce the same ids, regardless of input order" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_capture advertises the annotate flag and stays read-only" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "before Proctor has taken the front there is nothing to take back" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the shapes a version can arrive in all parse" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same role and label agree" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the other three status sentences are unchanged" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ending is held for the linger and then the menu bar rests" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty tools array still yields the Shortcuts CLI row" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different role does not agree" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fresh model is idle before anything has ever run" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the short line follows from usability and evidence alone" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "marks are numbered in reading order: top to bottom, then left to right" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every name the agent can emit resolves to exactly one kind" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed permission claims no restart and names no settings pane" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every kind is reachable from a real name" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every ending rests, not only the loud ones" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pre-release inside the range is still refused" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "while the panel is up the menu bar shows the panel's phase" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the Shortcuts CLI leaves the permissions list and joins the tools" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different label does not agree" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a grid places interior lines every spacing*scale pixels" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the whole kind-by-state matrix, not three cells of it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the partition follows the kind, and never the required flag" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the footer says the report was asked for, not that everything was checked" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Automation carries no mobility sentence" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only Automation is ever described as asked for per app" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a denied settled-at-launch permission names the restart and Settings" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row without a name is dropped rather than invented" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing said about an unconfirmed grant claims a refusal" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a report from an older agent still produces a row" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a granted permission says nothing at all" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a local dev server carries its own caveat even in the brief form" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a live-read permission says Proctor will notice on its own" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the lane off, browser-use appears in no field of any row" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one row per reported tool, in the report's order, verdicts preserved" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a collapsed or frameless web area does not count as a second page" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "empty output is an empty list, not an error" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a wrapper object and a single object both decode" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window with no readable URL says so rather than guessing" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "when no area reports a frame at all, none is discarded" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hostile URL never reaches a command or a sentence" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "omitted fields are absent on the wire, not null" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "full says everything once; brief says the part that is always true" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unrecognised name falls to the tools side, never to permissions" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same page spelled two ways is one page" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one page URL is reported, and reported once" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a table listing still works when the build printed text" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a key that is not a peer parses to nothing, which is what never reclaims" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a key that does not parse is unknown without the probe being asked" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a page Obscura cannot open keeps the disclosure and drops the recommendation" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "without a window there is no page, and it says that rather than nothing" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an array of objects is the happy path" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · a run is identified by bundle id, not by a session handle" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the probe is asked about the pid the key names" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · a skipped check is never counted as a pass" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two start times of zero are two failures agreeing, not a match" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a page beside a devtools panel is still the page" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a process that cannot be described is unknown, so its lane is left alone" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two web areas at different URLs is reported, not resolved" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A2 · the empty state names the action that fills it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the identity key parses into the pid and the start time it was minted from" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same process with the same start time is alive" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pid the kernel no longer knows is gone" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · the projection carries none of the fields this window may not show" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the generator writes the commit of the checkout it was handed" passed after 2.050 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pid reused by a later process is gone, not alive" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A5 · retention is stated, and says the trail rotates rather than prunes" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "The path derives from the bundle identifier, not a literal" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the doctor's guest lane carries the constant, not a copy of it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every measurement the note states is in the spec section it cites" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A missing, empty, corrupt or wrongly-typed file resolves to the defaults" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the proctor_guest description carries the constant, not a copy of it" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the question form survives nowhere in the shipped sources" passed after 2.045 seconds.
􁁛  Test "No key outside the eight is ever written" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the policy section is drawn in both usable states and in neither other one" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no prose on the guest tool describes a two-provider world" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a signed trail says whether the key was confirmed, because the two are different claims" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sensitive count appears as the mode's detail and vanishes at zero" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dropped entry reds the count even beside a trail that verifies clean" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each gate mode says what happens to the next call, and open says it plainly" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · a skipped verdict is drawn differently from both of the others" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the guest tool's provider enum admits all three providers" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every string a policy row says is a named constant, not a sentence built in the card" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every row states its fact in words, so tone is never the only carrier" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no row can name an app, a path, a key or a token" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reported posture draws one row per kind, in the kind's own order" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An unknown key is ignored rather than rejected" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no posture draws no rows, rather than rows saying nothing is enforced" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · a skipped check without a reason is refused rather than drawn" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "clear forgets a switch so it falls back" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a live approval token is drawn as the louder of the two states" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unwritable trail says steps are running unrecorded, whatever else is true" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail that does not verify is drawn as loudly as one that cannot be written" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an undeclared filesystem jail is a warning and a declared one names its roots" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a complete frame with no area is not trustworthy either" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the browsers people actually run are recognised, channels included" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an incomplete frame is not, whatever its rect says" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a trail that dropped entries says so, and a clean one stays quiet" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app that merely hosts web content is not a browser" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a complete frame with area is trustworthy" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pre-release tail survives" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a target with no version-shaped component yields nothing rather than a guess" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Homebrew's symlink target carries the version" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "The file is 0600 and its directory 0700" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the posture carries no rule, and the encoded bytes prove it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the mode names the shape of the gate" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the note says plainly that this is a convention rather than a boundary" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Xcode's version sits beside the developer directory, not inside it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a prefix rule matches the product and its channels, not a lookalike" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unknown outcome from a newer build degrades to a fault, never to a success" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the indeterminate line reads as unknown rather than as a failure" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row carrying all five round-trips" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no other grant is an input" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the noun form is used wherever a row cannot assert the step happened" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreachable agent is never offered a restart" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the agent denying a grant this window can see offers the restart" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreachable agent is offered a start, whatever it last said" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's own stop still outranks an unknown outcome" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the sentences stay near the length the menu already carries" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run with three good steps and one unknown one is not reported as ok" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant is still offered the restart" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing is offered while a restart is in flight" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "indeterminate maps to its own outcome rather than to failed" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run in flight is named as the cost" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "naming the cost changes nothing but the sentence" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a synthetic step takes the whole machine as well as its app" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the lane set is fixed before the run and never grows" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the sentence claims staleness only where it is confirmed" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a row written before this item decodes with the new fields nil" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the button titles match the menu's other verbs" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a target that is not in the window list at all is treated as covered" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant does not claim the agent is holding an earlier answer" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the happy path is untouched" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant this window cannot see is offered nothing" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A saved set round-trips" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a covered target with no resolvable window id draws nothing rather than floating" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an absent permission is never offered a restart" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that raises a window takes the machine too" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a healthy agent offers nothing" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every resource is JSON with a non-empty key and description" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "off screen still wins over everything, covered or not" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "asking for the app in front takes the machine only when a step could use it" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a raise with no synthetic step still says the run brings the app forward" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a restack that did not hold falls back by whether anything covers the target" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Proctor's own panels do not count as covering the target" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the four resources are advertised with the expected URIs" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a count cannot be reported below what was known before the run" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the app name goes through the same sanitiser every drawn name does" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a certain count with nothing conditional is stated as the total it is" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a URI resolves to its spec and back to the same URI" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "once every conditional step has resolved, the number stops hedging" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty chip equals an empty chip and nothing else" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility batch contends for its own app and nothing else" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different number of fields makes two chips unequal" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the exclusion holds unless somebody asks for the opposite" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unknown URI resolves to nothing rather than a wrong resource" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a conditional step still to come makes the number a floor, and it says so" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an affirmative value lifts it, and only for as long as it is set" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Every off-value turns every switch off" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unnamed app is described rather than left blank" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different field name, and a different field value, each make two chips unequal" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "resolving through the catalogue agrees with the reader the panels call" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it is a capability, so it is off by default and asks before it goes on" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An unrecognised value reads on for a drawing switch and off for the rest" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A control writes the value its own switch accepts" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the takeover spec carries the property, and defaults to excluded" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two chips built the same way are equal" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that only might need the front says might" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one rule covers every panel Proctor draws over other people's windows" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a non-left OpenAI click button is refused" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "An unset drawing switch is on; an unset anything-else is off" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "left_click_drag maps to a dragPath from start to end, both in global coords" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "double_click expands to two clicks at the same point" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "wait becomes a wait operation with the duration in milliseconds" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "OpenAI drag maps its path into global coordinates" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "left_click maps to a synthetic click at the window-mapped global point" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "screenshot maps to the screenshot operation" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "OpenAI scroll flips the sign so positive scroll_y reads as scroll down" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unmapped action is refused, not silently dropped" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "scroll down becomes a negative dy the actuator reads as down" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A lane rejects every spelling but its own name" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "right_click is refused rather than turned into a left click" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "key combos split into a key and its modifiers" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an OpenAI batch flattens into an ordered plan" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "where an object came from is recorded" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the object comes back unquoted, so the surface fences it itself" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "scale divides the CUA offset before it is added to the window origin" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single OpenAI action object is accepted without an array wrapper" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step's record carries the wording, derived from the element it resolved to" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the verb is never empty and never the kind's raw value" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a quote in the path is escaped rather than ending the command" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a quotation mark cannot survive into the object at the longer cap" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it waits for this process to go before opening the bundle" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a changed title changes the hash" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "masking can be turned off when the text is the thing under test" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "typed text never reaches the wording on a record" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the longer cap still strips control, bidi and markup characters" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step with nothing nameable comes back with no object at all" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a UUID in a value does not change the hash" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the verb and the fenced object recompose into the blended line" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a real move does change the hash" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identical trees hash identically" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record's object is capped at the history limit, not the HUD's" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the path is simctl under the developer directory" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "sub-pixel drift does not change the hash" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the cap is grapheme-safe at the longer limit too" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "type carries the text through" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a clock in a label does not change the hash" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a different developer directory keeps the same tail" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "child order is significant, because it is the focus order" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "mouse_move maps to a hover at the mapped point" passed after 2.039 seconds.
􁁛  Test "occupancy is answerable per lane, so a wedged lane is not invisible" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the history cap is longer than the HUD's, and both are one routine" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the agent's grant names and Core's map cannot drift apart" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame within both ceilings is returned unchanged with scale 1" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the footer's Re-check is gone and the three that stay are the right three" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "mapping a coordinate to normalised space and back returns it" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a near-square frame under the edge ceiling is scaled by the pixel budget" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_capture advertises normalize without adding a new tool" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a non-positive scale is treated as identity rather than dividing by zero" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the window renders the library's decisions rather than its own" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a CaptureResult round-trips its normalization block through JSON" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a raw capture omits the normalization key entirely" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a model coordinate in the normalised frame maps onto native geometry" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a frame over the long-edge ceiling scales its long edge to the ceiling" passed after 2.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar pictures this package ships still resolve" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Contents/Resources is searched before the app root" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the verification runs off the cooperative pool, on a thread the pool cannot refuse" passed after 2.070 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a bundle that is nowhere returns nil instead of trapping" passed after 2.037 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the executable's own directory is searched, which is how a dev build finds them" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unchanged file is verified once, however often it is asked about" passed after 2.070 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the build directory beside the test bundle is searched" passed after 2.036 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a request while it is up extends it and does not raise it again" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a statement raised and immediately ended still stays up for the floor" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a stop takes it down rather than holding a claim that stopped being true" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the deadline never moves backwards" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "batch after batch converges on one statement rather than a strobe" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a zero floor is honoured rather than clamped to a default" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "once it is down, the next batch raises it again" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the floor matches the run panel's, so the two come down together" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every run different is fully unstable" passed after 2.032 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a single run cannot be unstable" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a permission error carries a remedy, because a model will otherwise retry it" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "divergence is reported at the first disagreeing step" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one odd run out of five scores low but non-zero" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identical runs are stable" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "agreeing runs have no divergence" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that ended early is itself a divergence" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an element's whole frame has to be inside the page" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web area with no frame contains nothing" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a point inside the page is page content and a point in the toolbar is not" passed after 2.031 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web area reported as the whole window makes the toolbar read as page" passed after 2.030 seconds.
􁁛  Test "both records survive a round trip, since they go out on the wire" passed after 2.028 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run where nothing actuated still says which lane refused it" passed after 2.027 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an act result names its lane" passed after 2.027 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a stability report names its lane" passed after 2.026 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a determinism verdict carries the actuation path it was measured on" passed after 2.026 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every actuated step in a run reports the run's own lane" passed after 2.025 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated step says so, and keeps the driver's own word beside it" passed after 2.024 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an actuated native step says it was native, and always has" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a platform the provider did not name is delegated, never native" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step that refused before actuating carries no backend at all" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a stability report with no lane still decodes" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attachment holds its slot until something releases it once" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tier is derived from the platform, in both directions" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an act result with no lane still decodes, so an older record is not lost" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session's own handles resolve, on both machines" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "darwin from tart ends up native, end to end" passed after 2.023 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no two commands share an id, because the menu item is built from it" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the derivation is a function, so no attach site can supply a tier" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every refusal names both machines and offers a route that works" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every command names a menu, so none can be declared with nowhere to draw" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two guest sessions on DIFFERENT guests are also refused across" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "who started the guest is recorded, because it is what licenses stopping it" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest window id under a host session is refused, naming both machines" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the catalogue carries twenty commands across four menus" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one guest session cannot resolve another guest session's handle" passed after 2.021 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a host window id under a guest session is refused, naming both machines" passed after 2.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a required grant that is missing keeps the permission symbol" passed after 2.021 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unreachable agent still outranks every block" passed after 2.020 seconds.
􁁛  Test "idle at rest is the character and it is one still frame" passed after 2.020 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a missing permission outranks a locked keyboard when both are true" passed after 2.020 seconds.
􁁛  Test "secure event input has its own symbol, never the permission one" passed after 2.019 seconds.
􁁛  Test "secure event input outranks the foreground notice and the phase" passed after 2.019 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a ready that is false for an unrecognised reason still blocks" passed after 2.019 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a healthy Mac at rest shows the character, not a symbol" passed after 2.019 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a phase that never arrives rests at idle rather than falling to a symbol" passed after 2.018 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a grant that is not required never sinks readiness" passed after 2.018 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A duration switches from milliseconds to seconds at exactly one second" passed after 2.430 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A3 · Stop is reachable whenever the veil is up" passed after 1.403 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · the refusal names the guest and the switch that clears it" passed after 1.403 seconds.
􁁛  Test "identifiers are unique and namespaced" passed after 1.402 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the copy states the mechanism and claims nothing about consequence" passed after 1.402 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A1 · no guest configured and no foreground demand is not a refusal" passed after 1.401 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a screen change that cannot be attributed is a weaker verdict, not the top one" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a runtime identifier renders readably, and an unexpected one is left alone" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a deep link is split so the trail keeps the entry point and not the token" passed after 1.401 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a refusal reports the decoded reason rather than a bare exit code" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unresolvable URL is refused under an allow list and allowed without one" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a caller's threshold decides the verdict, and travels with the measurement" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unobserved run is not reported as an uneventful one" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an allow list on the Mac spelling does not authorise the iOS app of the same id" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an app that goes away while handling the link is a fault, never a navigation" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "proctor_ios is in the catalogue and states its ceiling in its own description" passed after 1.401 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a block on either spelling blocks the iOS target" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a sensitive iOS app needs a token, and the qualified key is what it is named by" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the absence carries no shell command" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the calibration floor sits an order of magnitude below the smallest real change" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a URL resolves to its handler through the scheme claim, and https does not" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the measured no-op and the measured navigation are told apart" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "simctl is found through each route, and its absence names every path tried" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a cold launch is reported as launchedNow without becoming its own verdict" passed after 1.400 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every reason can be attributed, so no hold is unnameable" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a device handle is recognised and refused by name, pointing at the route that works" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no window at all still names a display, because the run is somewhere" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "it round-trips, because the health report and the wire both carry it" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "duplicate developer directories are reported once, in order" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "simctl device JSON parses with state, runtime and availability" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an empty app name is dropped rather than left as a dangling separator" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the measured simctl failures decode into sentences" passed after 1.399 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the session is whatever the derived identity says, and nothing else" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the display is the one holding most of the window" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the main display is named as such rather than numbered" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window off every screen takes the nearest rather than none" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no screens means no display rather than a guess" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the line degrades by dropping clauses rather than printing an absence" passed after 1.398 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Audit trail isolation" passed after 2.456 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar character" passed after 2.456 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Installed web app wiring" passed after 2.456 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Filesystem jail" passed after 2.456 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Reading a verdict out of a reply" passed after 2.456 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "One search order, in one language" passed after 2.457 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session may keep three runs waiting; the fourth is refused at once" passed after 2.452 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane whose holder simply went away is reclaimed" passed after 2.453 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0094 · which macOS a guest is running" passed after 2.459 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · prlctl adapter" passed after 2.460 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0057 · what a delegated machine cannot be asked" passed after 2.460 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 effective environment holder" passed after 2.460 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two overlapping batches keep their own lane events" passed after 2.454 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0063 · a capture is sized by what it is for" passed after 2.460 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two different files in one store are one entry each, not one slot they fight over" passed after 2.453 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Policy store seam" passed after 2.460 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a file replaced with its timestamps preserved is verified again" passed after 2.454 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "iOS lane wiring" passed after 2.468 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Shipped binary names" passed after 2.468 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Audit chain" passed after 2.506 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Pointer plane wiring" passed after 2.506 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0059 · lifecycle against an injected adapter" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD foreground disclosure" passed after 2.506 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "TUI history pane" passed after 2.506 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · tart adapter" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0059 · the guest tool surface" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Surface fidelity" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Second browser lane" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD surface" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Front-end attribution" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 report compatibility" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Overlay off-switches" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a definite answer costs one platform call however often it is asked" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a link that will not answer refuses the attach rather than attaching anyway" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a throwing probe reads as denied, which is what a denial looks like" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a platform call that never answers is ended by the bound, on the bound the product ships" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Proctor's own identity" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD motion" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · guest lane" passed after 2.507 seconds.
􁁛  Test "attach through the dispatcher points the session at the guest" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a link that fails mid-run refuses, names the guest, and runs nothing here" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an answer inside the bound wins even when the bound never fires" passed after 2.498 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the report carries a policy posture, and no rule in it" passed after 2.513 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing in Sources still tells a reader to verify against Sequoia" passed after 2.488 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the report says which lanes this machine has" passed after 2.533 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue bar attribution" passed after 2.543 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a machine with none of these tools is still ready" passed after 2.533 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every tool Proctor looks for has a row, in one fixed order" passed after 2.533 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD state" passed after 2.543 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Pointer overlay" passed after 2.543 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated plane coupling" passed after 2.543 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue fairness" passed after 2.543 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Step descriptions" passed after 2.587 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a located tool carries a usability verdict and the evidence behind it" passed after 2.578 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Zoom region crop" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD gate in the model" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD character" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Capture sizing holds its ceiling" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run queue control vocabulary" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated call deadline" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Horizontal placement" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􀙟  Test "a flow that fails an assertion is a flow failure, not a driver one" skipped.
􁁛  Suite "Installed web apps and the flag set" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Stability disclosure shapes" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0059 · guest handles" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a lane's boolean is fail-closed and agrees with its state" passed after 2.579 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0055 · a session is isolated from the machine unless it asks" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Stop releases a pause rather than leaving the run held for ever" passed after 2.577 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Stability per-step artifacts" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Drawing fault barrier" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the applier a client gets by default really sets the bound on the socket" passed after 2.565 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Walkthrough flow" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar surface" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD placement" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Tool annotations" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Browser routing baseline" passed after 2.591 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Input block" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 switch catalogue" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "History window copy" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run history" passed after 2.594 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue bar model" passed after 2.594 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar icon" passed after 2.594 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a press on the same session is not refused — it would not take the Mac" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "unset, a click takes the host as it always did" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a finished run stops claiming the machine" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native step never acquires a disagreement it has no second observer for" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session already on a guest is not refused by this gate" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no delegated field carries application or caller text" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two observers agreeing nothing happened is a failure, with its inputs beside it" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a native row makes no claims it is not entitled to" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated step that escalates to the front raises the statement, late" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated batch that stays on the accessibility plane states nothing on screen" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a suspected no-op the window contradicts stays a success, with both readings" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A health check starts no process" passed after 2.603 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an attach that starts a guest and then fails stops it again" passed after 2.587 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated row carries the backend, its claim and Proctor's own reading" passed after 2.597 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Surface literals" passed after 2.603 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Approval token TTL" passed after 2.603 seconds.
􁁛  Test "releasing twice decrements the pool once" passed after 2.587 seconds.
􁁛  Test "detach reports whether the guest actually stopped, not what it intended" passed after 2.587 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a foreground request a step could use is honoured as before" passed after 2.597 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest another session holds is waited for, never taken" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an over-claiming driver leaves a passing row that still says the two disagree" passed after 2.597 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a fallback-capable step posting under the panel arms the block" passed after 2.595 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0243: a driver that can stand its cursor down leaves Proctor drawing" passed after 2.595 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a slot whose holder went away is reclaimed, and the guest it started is stopped" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0244: the native lane never defers its pointer" passed after 2.595 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the audit trail writes the machine on every step, always" passed after 2.594 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two macOS guests attach; the third waits rather than being refused" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a host run writes host rather than writing nothing" passed after 2.593 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the pool honours the per-session waiting cap" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "CASE-0242: a driver that cannot stand its cursor down leaves a run with no Proctor pointer" passed after 2.594 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the refusal lands on the first step that never ran, and names a person" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a halt is recorded alongside the step it interrupted, like any other refusal" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro seam" passed after 2.604 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a provider that is gone is a vanish, not an all-clear" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a link failure over a guest that went away names the disappearance, not the tunnel" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Status surface" passed after 2.604 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Scroll and value rules" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Test "only one concurrent caller is told to start" passed after 2.588 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · prlctl listings" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Live surfaces stay off outside the agent" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an act result names the machine it ran on" passed after 2.595 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · platform and power" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's stop ends the run after the step in flight, and nothing after it runs" passed after 2.590 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest that vanished releases the slot and names the disappearance" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0061 · placing a takeover batch" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD feed" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a socket that is never going to answer is bounded once a caller asks" passed after 2.581 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · a relayed reply names the machine that ran it" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0098 · a restart ends when the agent comes back" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 effective environment" passed after 2.605 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a granted answer is frozen: the platform says denied and the probe still says granted" passed after 2.589 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Agent verbs wiring" passed after 2.620 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a full pool queues rather than stopping anybody's guest" passed after 2.604 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Region dirty area" passed after 2.621 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "TUI readiness — the permissions pane holds only permissions" passed after 2.621 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision under delegation" passed after 2.621 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision under delegation, the driver's side" passed after 2.621 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro flow lane" passed after 2.621 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Process control" passed after 2.622 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run left paused for ever gives up, and says a pause did it rather than a fault" passed after 2.606 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session built without a backend actuates through the native planes" passed after 2.620 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a suspected no-op the tree contradicts stays a success" passed after 2.620 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an escalation nobody asked for is reported as one" passed after 2.661 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unproven plane makes the run say so" passed after 2.661 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a background-capable batch does not announce that it took the machine" passed after 2.660 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a suspected no-op with an unchanged state fails the step" passed after 2.661 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "TUI render fidelity" passed after 2.678 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar sprite assets" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Lane recommendation audit" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Frame content gate" passed after 2.678 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Element matching across the backend boundary" passed after 2.678 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Takeover policy" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Toolchain rows" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD control vocabulary" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Build identity" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Reflector absence is reported, never approximated" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "TUI capture fidelity" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "What a halted caller is told" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar readiness from a doctor report" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a backend that can click in the background is allowed to" passed after 2.662 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Cua actuation lane" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 precedence" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Horizontal alignment assertion" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 report states" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Pointer plane" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Image encoding" passed after 2.679 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The block's Stop route" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated run whose driver cannot stand down records that Proctor stood down" passed after 2.659 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 3: Multi-witness tiers, auto-route refusal, and handle namespace defense" passed after 2.658 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · lume adapter" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Tool locator" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0060 · reaching a guest" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro flow gate" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Browser handoff when Obscura is missing" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 yield switches cannot drift" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision surface" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Command surface" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Lanes" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A settle names the signals it actually had" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Entitlement to draw on this Mac" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Activate lanes" passed after 2.680 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an act result names the lane that drove it" passed after 2.664 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu key-equivalents" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar readiness — unconfirmed grants" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD wording extensions" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The walkthrough's Settings button says what the status window's says" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A driver's own words never reach the report" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue refusals" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Output schemas" passed after 2.685 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD mouse gate" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Consent surface" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar fallback glyph" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "CLI surface" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "TUI model equality" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Every control on the status window can be told from its neighbours" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Every grant the window can draw has an identifier" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "CLI arguments" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "History retention" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Foreground demand" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 catalogue cannot drift from the code" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Tool catalogue" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Build stamp" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A guest's state word decides whether it is running" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A delegated machine refuses what it cannot see" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Policy gate" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated actuation wire" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest pool" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Window presentation" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Redacting audit" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Simctl listings that are not listings" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Foreground report" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Audit encryption at rest" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated plane disclosures" passed after 2.686 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Agent verb boundary" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Replay gate" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Drag path interpolation" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 pairing warnings" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Scripting dictionary" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Tool profiles" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Design tokens" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Contention — is a person using this Mac" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Session identity" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Cua version gate" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Set of marks" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A disagreement between observers is a disagreement" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Status checks" passed after 2.687 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar phase" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · lume listings" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Browser handoff" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Peer liveness" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "History surface" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 settings store" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Status surface — the policy card" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "A frame is evidence only if it is both complete and real" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Browser catalogue" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Policy posture" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Versions that cost nothing" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "An indeterminate outcome and the fields behind it" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu recovery offers" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run lanes" passed after 2.689 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Pointer plane over a covered target" passed after 2.689 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Resource catalogue" passed after 2.689 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Foreground notice wording" passed after 2.688 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD chip equality" passed after 2.697 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Overlay capture switch" passed after 2.697 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0029 parse table" passed after 2.697 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "CUA schema façade" passed after 2.697 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Step descriptions, split for history" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Relaunch command" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Canonical hashing" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The simulator lane names simctl" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue health report" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Status window tripwires" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Vision-capture normalisation" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Resource bundles are found where they actually ship" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Takeover dwell" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Determinism arithmetic" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Error remedies" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated run names the delegated lane" passed after 2.678 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Web content containment" passed after 2.698 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0051 — a run record names its actuation lane" passed after 2.783 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · the attachment" passed after 2.783 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The command count, pinned" passed after 2.783 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar readiness" passed after 2.783 seconds.
􁁛  Test "fifteen callers arriving together on a cold entry cost one verification" passed after 2.779 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a verification in flight holds no cooperative thread, so the rest of the process runs" passed after 2.779 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no text from the driver reaches the encoded report" passed after 2.777 seconds.
􁁛  Test "selecting the delegated lane is visible in the report" passed after 2.800 seconds.
􁁛  Test "what preflight established is surfaced rather than re-derived" passed after 2.803 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a signed driver reads unconfirmed, because a health check does not run it" passed after 2.803 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an ad-hoc driver reads unusable, with the same reason the lane would refuse for" passed after 2.804 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Mutation survivors, ProctorAgent" passed after 2.814 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Takeover surface" passed after 2.812 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0048 · iOS deep-link lane" passed after 2.813 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Hold attribution" passed after 2.813 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Hold stops the next start and leaves the run in flight alone" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a release re-examines the whole list, not only the lane that freed" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that contends with nobody starts at once even with a line ahead of it" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a call still waiting when the ceiling fires is told the machine was busy" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the permission gate is read again once the lane is ours" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Clear returns every waiting call saying a person did it, and leaves the active run" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated calls are gated and recorded" passed after 2.815 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a synthetic run waits for the app it targets and holds it while it runs" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a doctor call re-probes both and writes through to what the handoffs read" passed after 2.798 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the whole doctor result carries no install command for either tool" passed after 2.798 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the charcoal was cut, not baked in — real alpha, and no ground left behind" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Test "detach stops only a guest this agent started" passed after 2.812 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an answering platform call is reported as it answered" passed after 2.811 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · every advertised guest action reaches the session" passed after 2.821 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a record written outside a call carries no run identifier" started.
􀟈  Test "a person's Pause parks every run, because it is about the machine" started.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0049 · Maestro live lane" passed after 2.821 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a live peer that says nothing keeps its lane, and the next caller waits" started.
􁁛  Test "Pause holds the checkpoint until somebody resumes it" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pause inside the backstop is still a pause" passed after 2.808 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0061 · a takeover batch on a configured host is refused" passed after 2.822 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Frame codec" passed after 2.820 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the densities are the same art, not three different drawings" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a loop's frames sit on the same footprint as each other, bar idle's one-pixel bob" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one footprint across all seven states, so the character never jumps" passed after 2.815 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every picture is the bay's size at its density, so nothing is rescaled to fit" passed after 2.815 seconds.
􁁛  Test "grey belongs to paused alone, so paused is readable without colour" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every picture the table names is in the bundle at every density" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "idle's second frame is the first lifted exactly one pixel — the record's bob" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two releases racing across an await still decrement the pool once" passed after 2.806 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Delegated pointer ownership" passed after 2.822 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a release reports its own outcome, not the last release anywhere in the agent" passed after 2.806 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Grant probe keeper" passed after 2.822 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the bay's rounded clip never cuts the character, only what trails off it" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that took the front says so as a field, not as a sentence to parse" passed after 2.817 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a type that fell back to the event stream is counted, though nothing predicted it" passed after 2.817 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a background-safe run reports that nothing needed the front" passed after 2.816 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step says which route it took, not only which side it travelled" passed after 2.815 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a foreground request nothing can use is ignored and reported" passed after 2.815 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Actuation seam" passed after 2.822 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility-plane run arms nothing and can never be held" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run with the panel switched off still runs, and the health report says why" passed after 2.807 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a stop with no step left to refuse simply lets the run complete" passed after 2.806 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the steps already done are still reported alongside the refusal" passed after 2.806 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a second save is watched too: it rewrites the one file and leaves no other behind" started.
􀟈  Test "Pause and Resume from a supervision client move the same hold" started.
􁁛  Test "a delegated run never joins the declaration protocol" passed after 2.802 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run Proctor drew for carries no pointer field at all" passed after 2.802 seconds.
SWIFT TASK CONTINUATION MISUSE: ScreenRecordingProbeWiringTests leaked its continuation without resuming it. This may cause tasks waiting on it to remain suspended forever.
􁁛  Test "an unvouchable hash never reaches the score, and is kept on the step" passed after 2.806 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the real timer still ends a parked call, however long the machine takes about it" passed after 2.814 seconds.
􁁛  Test "through Session.doctor, the verification runs off the cooperative pool" passed after 2.817 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a queued activate is refused as busy, before it activates anything" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD character assets" passed after 2.825 seconds.
􁁛  Test "eight sessions asking about one binary at once verify it once between them" passed after 2.819 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a record written outside a call carries no run identifier" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a person's Pause parks every run, because it is about the machine" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run control" passed after 2.825 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the same step posting away from the panel arms nothing" started.
􁁛  Suite "Background routes and their reporting" passed after 2.826 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a queued attach carries position and depth when it gives up" passed after 2.809 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Pause and Resume from a supervision client move the same hold" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Signature verdict cache" passed after 2.826 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Activate queueing" passed after 2.825 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a drop returns one call; everything else keeps its place" passed after 2.820 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a batch that takes the foreground arms before its first step" started.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest pool, wired" passed after 2.826 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the run identifier reaches a record written from inside the session actor" started.
􀟈  Test "the yielded run really is held, and carries on when it clears" started.
􁁛  Test "a second save is watched too: it rewrites the one file and leaves no other behind" passed after 0.004 seconds.
􀟈  Test "A4 · the control a supervision client reaches is the one the panel writes" started.
􁁛  Test "the grandfathered Obscura fields still agree with the Obscura row" passed after 2.818 seconds.
􁁛  Test "hiding takes effect at once, and showing brings it back" passed after 2.810 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the run identifier reaches a record written from inside the session actor" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "A4 · the control a supervision client reaches is the one the panel writes" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a policy file created by save is 0600, and its directory is still 0700" started.
􀟈  Test "nothing is written to disk, so the environment is still the default" started.
􀟈  Test "a step's record carries the position, the cost, the plane and the wording" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-023 effect witness: the Reflector's own socket answers real connections with values AppKit resolved, and a stopped one answers none" passed after 2.818 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an action the surface does not have is a usage error, never a silent no-op" started.
􁁛  Test "a step's record carries the position, the cost, the plane and the wording" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "External effect witnesses: the Reflector's own socket" passed after 2.828 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an action the surface does not have is a usage error, never a silent no-op" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an application's own name lands on the record cleaned, not raw" started.
􀟈  Test "a control with no action at all is refused the same way" started.
􁁛  Test "a control with no action at all is refused the same way" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an application's own name lands on the record cleaned, not raw" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a policy file created by save is 0600, and its directory is still 0700" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "two attaches racing on one session leave one link, and close the other" passed after 2.820 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the surface may pause, resume and stop, and nothing else" started.
􀟈  Test "a policy file already on disk at 0644 is 0600 after the next save" started.
􀟈  Test "the projection carries nothing it does not draw" started.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · attaching to a guest" passed after 2.829 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the surface may pause, resume and stop, and nothing else" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a policy file already on disk at 0644 is 0600 after the next save" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a watcher is told the moment it subscribes, not at the next change" started.
􀟈  Test "a save under a permissive umask still lands 0600" started.
􁁛  Test "a watcher is told the moment it subscribes, not at the next change" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "nothing is written to disk, so the environment is still the default" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a save under a permissive umask still lands 0600" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "every watcher is told, so one attaching cannot stop the HUD drawing" started.
􀟈  Test "Show is refused where the panel could never take a click, and says why" started.
􀟈  Test "a policy saved through the explicit open loads back equal" started.
􁁛  Test "every watcher is told, so one attaching cannot stop the HUD drawing" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Show is refused where the panel could never take a click, and says why" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "browser-use is named only when the operator named it" passed after 2.823 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Toolchain doctor" passed after 2.833 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a watcher that has gone is not told, and does not keep the others from being" started.
􀟈  Test "hiding the panel leaves a stop path" started.
􁁛  Test "a watcher that has gone is not told, and does not keep the others from being" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the run in front is the one that has been holding the machine longest" started.
􁁛  Test "the run in front is the one that has been holding the machine longest" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "waiting runs are on the wire as waiting, and counted" started.
􁁛  Test "waiting runs are on the wire as waiting, and counted" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a held run is on the wire as paused, with the reason in Proctor's words" started.
􁁛  Test "a held run is on the wire as paused, with the reason in Proctor's words" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a queue nobody is using is a frame with nothing in it, not an absent frame" started.
􁁛  Test "a queue nobody is using is a frame with nothing in it, not an absent frame" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision wiring" passed after 2.832 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a policy saved through the explicit open loads back equal" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􀟈  Test "saves arriving together all complete, and the file is still 0600" started.
􁁛  Test "a late answer is picked up by the next call" passed after 2.832 seconds.
􁁛  Test "saves arriving together all complete, and the file is still 0600" passed after 0.006 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Policy file mode" passed after 2.841 seconds.
􁁛  Test "hiding the panel leaves a stop path" passed after 0.008 seconds.
􀟈  Test "Pause and Resume from the menu bar are the run's own latch" started.
􁁛  Test "Pause and Resume from the menu bar are the run's own latch" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the run's controls are refused when there is no run to act on" started.
􁁛  Test "the run's controls are refused when there is no run to act on" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an unknown action is refused rather than read as a plausible one" started.
􁁛  Test "an unknown action is refused rather than read as a plausible one" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "putting the panel away is accounted for, like holding the queue is" started.
􁁛  Test "putting the panel away is accounted for, like holding the queue is" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a second hide changes nothing and is not accounted for twice" started.
􁁛  Test "a second hide changes nothing and is not accounted for twice" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Menu bar switch wiring" passed after 2.843 seconds.
􁁛  Test "one lit pixel in three megapixels is not an empty frame" passed after 2.840 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Capture content instrument" passed after 2.845 seconds.
􁁛  Test "REQ-017 effect witness: proctor_guest spawns a real child, and a missing binary spawns none" passed after 2.840 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-020 effect witness: proctor_ios spawns a real simctl child, and a missing simctl spawns none" started.
􁁛  Test "the yielded run really is held, and carries on when it clears" passed after 0.021 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the machine-wide read still says something is held, for the panel" started.
􁁛  Test "the machine-wide read still says something is held, for the panel" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a second hold never unparks the first" started.
􁁛  Test "a second hold never unparks the first" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "releasing a run that is not held changes nothing" started.
􁁛  Test "releasing a run that is not held changes nothing" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run beginning does not lift a hold it does not own" started.
􁁛  Test "a run beginning does not lift a hold it does not own" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run beginning does clear its own hold, so nothing carries over" started.
􁁛  Test "a run beginning does clear its own hold, so nothing carries over" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run beginning still clears a person's decision, which is settled" started.
􁁛  Test "a run beginning still clears a person's decision, which is settled" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an expired yield gives up on its owner and nobody else" started.
􁁛  Test "an expired yield gives up on its owner and nobody else" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an expired person's pause still reaches every run" started.
􁁛  Test "an expired person's pause still reaches every run" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the bound is still on the run, so a flapping condition is still bounded" started.
􁁛  Test "the bound is still on the run, so a flapping condition is still bounded" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run parked only by a person never inherits another run's spent bound" started.
􁁛  Test "a step naming no resolvable target is unclassified rather than absent" passed after 2.895 seconds.
􁁛  Test "Stop acts on the run the panel is showing, and never on the next one" passed after 2.949 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a page-content sweep still scores and still returns a determinism verdict" passed after 2.948 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a web area that only appears mid-flow still classifies the step that met it" passed after 2.948 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a browser sweep that never touched the page carries no page disclosure" passed after 2.948 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an accessibility run raises nothing and arms nothing" passed after 2.947 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a window no browser renders carries no subject and is never asked for web content" passed after 2.949 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a concurrent native poster's declaration survives a whole delegated batch" passed after 2.945 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a session keeps the lane it was built with, whatever the environment does after" passed after 2.944 seconds.
􁁛  Test "repeats that disagree about the boundary report both, rather than the first" passed after 2.949 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with the variable unset the wire never carries the name" passed after 2.951 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every actuated step reports the lane the run reports" passed after 2.946 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the same step posting away from the panel arms nothing" passed after 0.144 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that takes the foreground arms before its first step" passed after 0.144 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 1: Full native testing campaign (attach -> snapshot -> find -> act -> assert -> capture)" passed after 2.948 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision under delegation, wired" passed after 2.971 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a pause holds the run and lets it carry on when it is resumed" passed after 2.956 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run holds its lane across every await inside the step loop" passed after 2.967 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed answer is re-probed rather than remembered" passed after 2.964 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run parked only by a person never inherits another run's spent bound" passed after 0.122 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run HUD halt wiring" passed after 2.973 seconds.
􀟈  Test "with no panel on screen nothing is in the way and nothing arms" started.
􀟈  Test "a type that fell back to the event stream arms mid-run, measured not predicted" started.
􀟈  Test "a synthetic batch raises the statement once and names the application" started.
􁁛  Test "acting on the browser's own chrome says nothing" passed after 3.026 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that names nothing positional falls back to the window" passed after 3.027 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a determinism report is labelled with the session's own lane" passed after 3.025 seconds.
􁁛  Test "entries written through the agent's own append verify clean" passed after 3.038 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a reset refused after a repeat has completed ends the run, named as the reset" passed after 3.035 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a replayed step that fails is recorded as failed, with its reason" passed after 3.064 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a hold lands on its own ticket and leaves the others alone" started.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0051 — the lane is fixed, stated, and guarded" passed after 3.089 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a hold lands on its own ticket and leaves the others alone" passed after 0.010 seconds.
􀟈  Test "with the signing key unreachable, nothing is written at all" started.
􀟈  Test "a released ticket cannot be held, so a race cannot resurrect one" started.
􁁛  Test "a released ticket cannot be held, so a race cannot resurrect one" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a yield reaches the ticket, and every way it can end clears it" started.
􁁛  Test "a replayed secret is redacted exactly as a live one is" passed after 3.090 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar can answer whether a run is taking the machine, with the panel off" passed after 3.101 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Foreground disclosure wiring" passed after 3.107 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a live peer that says nothing keeps its lane, and the next caller waits" passed after 0.285 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a peer that exits mid-run gives its lane back to the next caller" started.
􁁛  Test "a whole batch queues, never a step" passed after 3.106 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a peer that exits mid-run gives its lane back to the next caller" passed after 0.014 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the reclaimed run's hold leaves the latch with its slot" started.
􁁛  Test "a flow touching chrome and then the page reports both, by step index" passed after 3.123 seconds.
􁁛  Test "with no panel on screen nothing is in the way and nothing arms" passed after 0.176 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a certainly synthetic step still arms wherever it posts" started.
􁁛  Test "a type that fell back to the event stream arms mid-run, measured not predicted" passed after 0.179 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the grace window opens before the post, not after it" started.
􁁛  Test "the reclaimed run's hold leaves the latch with its slot" passed after 0.038 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run whose identity cannot be judged keeps its lane" started.
􁁛  Test "a run whose identity cannot be judged keeps its lane" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a probe that cannot describe the process reclaims nothing" started.
􁁛  Test "a probe that cannot describe the process reclaims nothing" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the sweep reclaims only the dead run, leaving the live one holding its own lane" started.
􁁛  Test "the sweep reclaims only the dead run, leaving the live one holding its own lane" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run waiting behind a dead peer starts as soon as the lane is reclaimed" started.
􁁛  Test "a run waiting behind a dead peer starts as soon as the lane is reclaimed" passed after 0.028 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Peer reclaim" passed after 3.189 seconds.
􁁛  Test "each upstream issue id appears exactly once in Sources" passed after 3.165 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0094 · one Tahoe note, bound to its measurement" passed after 3.197 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a certainly synthetic step still arms wherever it posts" passed after 0.052 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a thrown step still lets go" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-020 effect witness: proctor_ios spawns a real simctl child, and a missing simctl spawns none" passed after 0.355 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-015 effect witness: an audited run lands sealed bytes on disk, and a read-only directory lands none" started.
􁁛  Test "a thrown step still lets go" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a declaration made during the post opens the grace window and raises the statement" started.
􁁛  Test "a session with prlctl present reports the guest lane ready" passed after 3.715 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the real probes produce a full report with lanes and a posture" passed after 3.714 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an unconfirmed grant is reported as unconfirmed, not as a denial" passed after 3.711 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a doctor call re-probes and writes through to the handoff cache" passed after 3.705 seconds.
􁁛  Test "no report files the Shortcuts CLI under grants, on a Mac that lacks it" passed after 3.703 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the policy block on the wire carries posture, never rules" passed after 3.701 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the grace window opens before the post, not after it" passed after 0.718 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0058 · doctor names the providers and starts none of them" passed after 3.872 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the doctor says which machine every other answer in it is about" passed after 3.861 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the reply decodes into the report type the window reads" passed after 3.854 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a synthetic batch raises the statement once and names the application" passed after 0.899 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the entry's instability is the number the legacy array carries" passed after 3.855 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a declaration made during the post opens the grace window and raises the statement" passed after 0.669 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Against this actual machine" passed after 3.874 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the tools that answer about this Mac still answer here" passed after 3.864 seconds.
􁁛  Test "doctor reports the frozen value, so the freeze reaches a person" passed after 3.856 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a held slot shows up in the reply, named by guest and by session" passed after 3.854 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the doctor reply carries the guest pool: capacity, held and waiting" passed after 3.853 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the two definite states still report as they always did" passed after 3.865 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the remedy for an unconfirmed grant does not send anybody to System Settings" passed after 3.865 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0056 · a run names its machine" passed after 3.874 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The doctor reply a caller receives" passed after 3.873 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Stability knows when it is scoring a page" passed after 3.874 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0076 · the guest funnel in the dispatcher" passed after 3.874 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a yield nobody releases expires through the same backstop a pause does" started.
􀟈  Test "a batch that starts on the accessibility plane raises it at the first synthetic step" started.
􀟈  Test "the handler is uninstalled when the run ends" started.
􁁛  Test "a truncated run is never reported deterministic, even when its repeats agreed" passed after 3.881 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that starts in the toolbar and ends in the page still discloses" passed after 3.883 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a click at a point inside the page discloses even with no element to name" passed after 3.883 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a secret inside a reset step is redacted under the reset's own name" passed after 3.881 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a permitted replay writes one trail entry per step, named as a replay" passed after 3.880 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an approval expiring between repeats stops the run and keeps what it measured" passed after 3.881 seconds.
􁁛  Test "doctor reports Obscura and leaves readiness alone" passed after 3.910 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Obscura presence" passed after 3.925 seconds.
􁁛  Test "every grant the report carries is a permission, on either kind of Mac" passed after 3.911 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the handler is uninstalled when the run ends" passed after 0.069 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a delegated batch yields zero times against an application Proctor raised" passed after 3.938 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Supervision under delegation, what a person sees" passed after 3.944 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a post in flight is closed by the step's end, including a throw" started.
􁁛  Test "two sessions driving the same app take turns, and both finish" passed after 3.940 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Queue wiring" passed after 3.946 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a post in flight is closed by the step's end, including a throw" passed after 0.011 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a declaring step is recorded as having taken the machine" started.
􁁛  Test "acting on the page discloses once for the whole batch" passed after 3.973 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Browser routing" passed after 3.985 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the fact itself survives — the boolean still carries it" passed after 3.972 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a batch that starts on the accessibility plane raises it at the first synthetic step" passed after 0.134 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a yield nobody releases expires through the same backstop a pause does" passed after 0.134 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a guest session raises no statement, arms no block and watches no contention" started.
􀟈  Test "a yield and a person's pause share one clock, so neither can outlast the bound" started.
􁁛  Test "a yield and a person's pause share one clock, so neither can outlast the bound" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a declaring step is recorded as having taken the machine" passed after 0.055 seconds.
􀟈  Test "release lifts only the yield; resume lifts either" started.
􀟈  Test "the keeper publishes and clears both rectangles together" started.
􁁛  Test "release lifts only the yield; resume lifts either" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the keeper publishes and clears both rectangles together" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "Resume is recorded on the latch, so the panel's own button counts too" started.
􀟈  Test "a long gesture does not hold the Stop rectangle unreadable for its whole length" started.
􁁛  Test "Resume is recorded on the latch, so the panel's own button counts too" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a long gesture does not hold the Stop rectangle unreadable for its whole length" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a fresh run starts with nobody's hand on it" started.
􀟈  Test "the step's end closes the window even inside the quarter second" started.
􁁛  Test "a fresh run starts with nobody's hand on it" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the step's end closes the window even inside the quarter second" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a flapping condition cannot hold a run forever in legal-sized chunks" started.
􀟈  Test "a step begins with no declaration carried over from the last one" started.
􁁛  Test "a flapping condition cannot hold a run forever in legal-sized chunks" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a step begins with no declaration carried over from the last one" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Stop reachability wiring" passed after 4.012 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a person pausing repeatedly is not bounded the way an automatic hold is" started.
􁁛  Test "a person pausing repeatedly is not bounded the way an automatic hold is" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the actuator stamps every synthetic event source it builds" started.
􁁛  Test "the actuator stamps every synthetic event source it builds" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a reused latch starts the next run with nothing carried over" started.
􁁛  Test "a reused latch starts the next run with nothing carried over" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that was held says so, with the reason and how long" started.
􁁛  Test "the reset between repeats is gated and recorded under its own name" passed after 4.091 seconds.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its size limit and started again. 100 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 5CDB8336-9E1B-44BB-A025-BD0CB4FAB1CD. Its final entry hashed to 66fc0288cf52ca9d587e85d408c768135d474d6d64e55d0b6a4ef6c4fff4fe4b. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the entry cap rotates the trail" passed after 4.097 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the age cap rotates the trail" started.
􁁛  Test "the projection carries nothing it does not draw" passed after 1.287 seconds.
􀟈  Test "DEF-039 · the window's wire keys resolve against what the agent writes" started.
􁁛  Test "with the signing key unreachable, nothing is written at all" passed after 1.022 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a dropped entry never fails the action it was recording" started.
􁁛  Test "ready is false while a required grant is unconfirmed" passed after 4.115 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the blocker names a non-answer as a non-answer" passed after 4.116 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Screen Recording probe" passed after 4.126 seconds.
􁁛  Test "doctor reports both tools, the lane's state, and never lets either touch ready" passed after 4.113 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Second lane wiring" passed after 4.130 seconds.
􁁛  Test "E2E Journey 2: Flow recording, replay, and determinism stability scoring" passed after 4.109 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Acceptance E2E: Complete campaign user journeys" passed after 4.131 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a guest session raises no statement, arms no block and watches no contention" passed after 0.122 seconds.
􀟈  Test "every arming is matched by a release, and the run ends with a stopAll" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-035 effect witness: the trail names the front end the kernel saw, not the one the request claimed" passed after 4.208 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-034 effect witness: real CLI children earn real exit codes over a real socket" started.
􁁛  Test "every repeat of a permitted run is gated and every step recorded" passed after 4.205 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Replay gate wiring" passed after 4.219 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a run that was held says so, with the reason and how long" passed after 0.296 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the input monitor is off unless somebody asks for it" started.
􁁛  Test "the input monitor is off unless somebody asks for it" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "with the feature switched off, nothing is armed on any path" started.
􁁛  Test "every arming is matched by a release, and the run ends with a stopAll" passed after 0.230 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a step that throws still releases the block" started.
􁁛  Test "with the feature switched off, nothing is armed on any path" passed after 0.055 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the opt-in reaches the monitor when it is set" started.
􁁛  Test "a step that throws still releases the block" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the arming carries the step's own duration, bounded by the ceiling" started.
􁁛  Test "the opt-in reaches the monitor when it is set" passed after 0.065 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the arming carries the step's own duration, bounded by the ceiling" passed after 0.063 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the menu bar carries the hold, and the icon ladder is untouched" started.
􁁛  Test "the control: an unconfirmed answer is not frozen, so the instrument can report the other outcome" passed after 4.414 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run somebody stopped takes the statement down and says who ended it" started.
􁁛  Test "the menu bar carries the hold, and the icon ladder is untouched" passed after 0.003 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "The health report's permissions list, and the grant it freezes" passed after 4.434 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the refusal table is unchanged" started.
􁁛  Test "the refusal table is unchanged" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Yield wiring" passed after 4.434 seconds.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its age limit and started again. 1 entry was discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-27T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was FE00DDFE-2E17-4FF1-A89E-98450B4ABA76. Its final entry hashed to da10a272ad777bcfec6249697bf0fc28b81f51a58efe03d7fe7e31cf02ec4c11. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the age cap rotates the trail" passed after 0.334 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a trail inside its caps is left alone" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 1 entry was discarded, covering 2026-08-22T11:51:46Z to 2026-08-22T11:51:46Z. The discarded trail was D3D6A0E9-DC2E-4159-A6A9-EF7787D3A13C. Its final entry hashed to 84abeaa477bec7c6117970ad031befebe6a040811e2c57e7dce575e38f75fe4d. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "DEF-039 · the window's wire keys resolve against what the agent writes" passed after 0.336 seconds.
􀟈  Test "neither history verb is reachable as a tool" started.
􁁛  Test "neither history verb is reachable as a tool" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Run history wiring" passed after 4.454 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a dropped entry never fails the action it was recording" passed after 0.335 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a trail sealed before this feature keeps working and is pinned by the first new entry" started.
􁁛  Test "a run somebody stopped takes the statement down and says who ended it" passed after 0.117 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an ordinary end lets the statement serve out its floor" started.
􁁛  Test "an ordinary end lets the statement serve out its floor" passed after 0.091 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a stop takes the statement down even when this call raised nothing" started.
􁁛  Test "a stop takes the statement down even when this call raised nothing" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that took the machine reports it, in a field and in a sentence" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-015 effect witness: an audited run lands sealed bytes on disk, and a read-only directory lands none" passed after 1.441 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-009 effect witness: a real AF_UNIX server answers real connections, and an unlinked socket answers none" started.
􁁛  Test "a trail inside its caps is left alone" passed after 0.215 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the rotation record commits to the discarded trail's final entry" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 4 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 709C5360-AEE9-487F-8D33-46311305FB99. Its final entry hashed to 79f8dfc5fe1f15c7099d5f4fd9235e140b67994ba0e0ff14119f28e422917c05. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the rotation record commits to the discarded trail's final entry" passed after 0.024 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a cap-driven rotation says which cap, not that a person asked" started.
􁁛  Test "a trail sealed before this feature keeps working and is pinned by the first new entry" passed after 0.237 seconds.
􀟈  Test "editing that older history after the fact is detected by the first signed entry" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that took the machine reports it, in a field and in a sentence" passed after 0.077 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that took nothing carries no takeover block at all" started.
􁁛  Test "a yield reaches the ticket, and every way it can end clears it" passed after 1.618 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the yield block names the session, the app and the display" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that took nothing carries no takeover block at all" passed after 0.064 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the block is wired to this run's latch, not to a stale one" started.
􁁛  Test "the block is wired to this run's latch, not to a stale one" passed after 0.058 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a swallowed event feeds the yield, so the two features compose" started.
􁁛  Test "a swallowed event feeds the yield, so the two features compose" passed after 0.062 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a one-step batch reports the input its block swallowed" started.
􁁛  Test "a one-step batch reports the input its block swallowed" passed after 0.071 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the swallow is what produces the record, not the run merely ending" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-009 effect witness: a real AF_UNIX server answers real connections, and an unlinked socket answers none" passed after 0.363 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Effect witnesses: subprocess, filesystem-write, ipc" passed after 5.008 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the yield block names the session, the app and the display" passed after 0.301 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the glyph ladder is not reordered by any of this" started.
􁁛  Test "the glyph ladder is not reordered by any of this" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the yield block keeps its shape when nothing is held" started.
􁁛  Test "the yield block keeps its shape when nothing is held" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the health report marks a held run, so a busy Mac is not read as a wedged one" started.
􁁛  Test "the health report marks a held run, so a busy Mac is not read as a wedged one" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Attributed holds" passed after 5.022 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the swallow is what produces the record, not the run merely ending" passed after 0.065 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that ends while yielded leaves the latch clear" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that ends while yielded leaves the latch clear" passed after 0.138 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a swallow during a long step still holds, however stale it has gone" started.
􁁛  Test "a swallow during a long step still holds, however stale it has gone" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the health report separates asked-for from actually-available" started.
􁁛  Test "the health report separates asked-for from actually-available" passed after 0.015 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that cannot post does not clear a posting run's declaration" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that cannot post does not clear a posting run's declaration" passed after 0.123 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that cannot post does not close a posting run's in-flight window" started.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its size limit and started again. 100 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 7ED49304-8B5E-46D7-9180-1FFE82DFA33F. Its final entry hashed to 7b33e20979d9ba471884b18e2f02cebede74b9606441380ca79b649da5dac54b. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a cap-driven rotation says which cap, not that a person asked" passed after 0.680 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a rotated trail verifies clean, as a short trail rather than a damaged one" started.
􁁛  Test "editing that older history after the fact is detected by the first signed entry" passed after 0.679 seconds.
􀟈  Test "an entry appended straight into the file is reported as forged" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 6 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 4069730A-0B5E-4F54-A9C7-EF093E439A14. Its final entry hashed to 8a4b51cc94b7a75f31b47cfa416a81f536887bbdb275ecca50ffdea244cde17e. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a rotated trail verifies clean, as a short trail rather than a damaged one" passed after 0.011 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the new trail is a new trail, with its own identity and start time" started.
􁁛  Test "an entry appended straight into the file is reported as forged" passed after 0.013 seconds.
􀟈  Test "entries cut from the end are reported against the end-mark" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 1 entry was discarded, covering 1970-01-01T01:23:20Z to 1970-01-01T02:30:00Z. The discarded trail was E4E51BB8-C800-4CB4-956E-6D49A8FC308F. Its final entry hashed to 39b0c07ebc813194f8eb681ae77bec9a606a933e3fa642b2cc3db329834072c4. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the new trail is a new trail, with its own identity and start time" passed after 0.008 seconds.
􀟈  Test "appending after a rotation continues the new trail cleanly" started.
􁁛  Test "entries cut from the end are reported against the end-mark" passed after 0.008 seconds.
􀟈  Test "two writers appending under the lock produce one chain, not a fork" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 4 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 3FF33E60-67D7-4761-A408-EE5F4A077BF3. Its final entry hashed to 17e649c65ee787bc9cced89ec0297cbbf98fe1c2434f5cafae9d3dd2cebdf4d4. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "appending after a rotation continues the new trail cleanly" passed after 0.011 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a rotation leaves no backup, sidecar or readable copy" started.
􁁛  Test "two writers appending under the lock produce one chain, not a fork" passed after 0.016 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the recommendation goes through the same path, so it is sealed, chained and signed" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that cannot post does not close a posting run's in-flight window" passed after 0.109 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a run that cannot post does not remove a posting run's declaration handler" started.
􁁛  Test "the recommendation goes through the same path, so it is sealed, chained and signed" passed after 0.021 seconds.
􀟈  Test "proctor_policy status carries the verdict, and it leads with whether the trail is clean" started.
􁁛  Test "proctor_policy status carries the verdict, and it leads with whether the trail is clean" passed after 0.020 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a trail with nothing wrong in it still says when entries went unrecorded" started.
􁁛  Test "a trail with nothing wrong in it still says when entries went unrecorded" passed after 0.004 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a broken trail names the first fault and its position, not every fault" started.
􁁛  Test "a broken trail names the first fault and its position, not every fault" passed after 0.019 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Audit chain wiring" passed after 5.476 seconds.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 4 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was 62B1312F-47FF-474C-96EF-5FEBACCE963B. Its final entry hashed to 1fc42b5c1394a3b4159a50157e8c9c781ec9cf3847be9e4a6b62a5247ca45e0d. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a rotation leaves no backup, sidecar or readable copy" passed after 0.152 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a rotation that was written down but never finished is completed" started.
􁁛  Test "a run that cannot post does not remove a posting run's declaration handler" passed after 0.170 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a synthetic batch refused for being in the background leaves the keeper alone" started.
􁁛  Test "a synthetic batch refused for being in the background leaves the keeper alone" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Takeover wiring" passed after 5.601 seconds.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its age limit and started again. 3 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-01T00:16:40Z to 1970-01-01T00:33:20Z. The discarded trail was 72A03BCA-A8E3-4756-939E-E24A6E9D950B. Its final entry hashed to c80a4bd24ecf99ce3560e04a9d35e444b2c20a519e683e38cd379e1f09cd2def. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a rotation that was written down but never finished is completed" passed after 0.132 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a trail that cannot be signed is not rotated" started.
􁁛  Test "a trail that cannot be signed is not rotated" passed after 0.008 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a marker that does not decode is removed, never acted on" started.
􁁛  Test "a marker that does not decode is removed, never acted on" passed after 0.009 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a planted marker cannot make Proctor sign a discard that never happened" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 3 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-01T00:00:01Z to 1970-01-01T00:00:02Z. The discarded trail was 96BE12C4-C9C1-4CD6-B4A1-84D037F36B3C. Its final entry hashed to 427245234d3e570446ac778d5ad40dadb88825fe36400301362333a37392cde2. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a planted marker cannot make Proctor sign a discard that never happened" passed after 0.016 seconds.
􀟈  Test "a rotation that finished but never cleaned up is not run twice" started.
proctor-agent: A person cleared Proctor's history. 3 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was E1707CBF-29E1-44D4-909E-E422CD90BF3A. Its final entry hashed to f173f71f546fcfee22b90f30422867c9729080618bd8ce96c561eb67fdb201e6. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "a rotation that finished but never cleaned up is not run twice" passed after 0.028 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the cap is tested again under the lock, so a second rotation is a no-op" started.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its size limit and started again. 100 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was EA304C93-EC62-4F8A-A9B4-27294DCC526B. Its final entry hashed to a44ebfa05d33fe25b208fc8e42342347609f423c84e4c51a4cf11382045ef68d. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the cap is tested again under the lock, so a second rotation is a no-op" passed after 1.029 seconds.
􀟈  Test "the cap follows the file when the end-mark stops being recorded" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-034 effect witness: real CLI children earn real exit codes over a real socket" passed after 2.835 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-029 effect witness: frames reach a remote watcher over the socket, and a halt over it moves the one latch" started.
proctor-agent: Proctor's history reached its size limit and started again. 101 entries were discarded, covering 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z to 1970-01-12T13:46:40Z. The discarded trail was EDD8B2D2-A275-48B1-A745-81A71153009C. Its final entry hashed to 5a57dd609eca1348de4aebcc48c2abd8da2427b4c7ed532661ee1ae48bcca54d. There is no copy: the discarded entries cannot be recovered from this Mac.
􁁛  Test "the cap follows the file when the end-mark stops being recorded" passed after 0.505 seconds.
􀟈  Test "clearing an empty history writes nothing" started.
􁁛  Test "clearing an empty history writes nothing" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Audit rotation" passed after 7.287 seconds.
􁁛  Test "REQ-029 effect witness: frames reach a remote watcher over the socket, and a halt over it moves the one latch" passed after 0.673 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-033 effect witness: a supervision client reads readiness, switches and history off the socket" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-033 effect witness: a supervision client reads readiness, switches and history off the socket" passed after 0.120 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-027 effect witness: a socket that accepts and never answers is a state of its own, distinct from an absent one" started.
􁁛  Test "an un-pathed switch save lands outside the operator's root, and the settings file appears in the diverted one" passed after 9.003 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an un-pathed device frame lands outside the operator's root, and its directory appears in the diverted one" passed after 9.006 seconds.
􁁛  Test "a policy configure changes nothing under the operator's root, and the sweep can tell" passed after 9.008 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an un-pathed maestro run lands outside the operator's root, and its run directory appears in the diverted one" passed after 9.009 seconds.
􁁛  Test "an un-injected session writes somewhere, and that somewhere is not the operator's" passed after 9.047 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "PRO-0098 · the suite writes nothing of the operator's" passed after 9.062 seconds.
􁁛  Test "REQ-027 effect witness: a socket that accepts and never answers is a state of its own, distinct from an absent one" passed after 6.024 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-037 effect witness: a forwarded call crosses a real socket into a guest, and the host actuates nothing" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-037 effect witness: a forwarded call crosses a real socket into a guest, and the host actuates nothing" passed after 0.263 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-039 effect witness: a guest this agent started is stopped by a real child, and one a person started is not" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-039 effect witness: a guest this agent started is stopped by a real child, and one a person started is not" passed after 0.689 seconds.
􀟈  Test "REQ-024: the browser lane's only boundary crossing is a filesystem read, and the census names a provider it never reaches" started.
􁁛  Test "REQ-024: the browser lane's only boundary crossing is a filesystem read, and the census names a provider it never reaches" passed after 0.001 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "External effect witnesses: the ten a capped gate hid" passed after 14.826 seconds.
􁁛  Test "the campaign instruments pass, and the run says how many checks it made" passed after 16.451 seconds.
􁁛  Suite "Campaign instruments" passed after 16.474 seconds.
􁁛  Test run with 2064 tests in 251 suites passed after 16.476 seconds.
EXIT=0 (scripts/test.sh, exit read off the script into a file; commit d0c8e05)
